Hello, Ms. Zhang. This is from the Public Security Department of the Meek Yun District of Beijing. Your son-in-law was arrested yesterday for prostitution. This isn't going to be a good thing. If you want a lot of people to know, you're gonna have to pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
Hello, here's the Manchuria. It was close to the fourth grade, and it was not clear whether the students in the same class needed a fourth grade. You can fill in the links that you'll spread to finish the booking.
In a few days you'll be in fourth grade. How's it going? I'm so nervous.
Hello? I told you there was a chalk exam. Tell me I'm near the fourth grade. I don't know if I need a fourth grade. It spreads me a link, clicks in and perfects personal information, and it's done online.
Hello, this is a station in the sead zone. Because of our cooperation with the nucleic acid verification agency, we have a fast track for nucleic acid verification. You'll make extra reservations. We can book them in advance. You can come right over.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm here to see your credit card. Our institution has recently introduced a high credit card processing business, which does not require excessive formalities. You'll pay $1,000 for your handling.
Sorry to bother you. I work for the Venezuelan Embassy. A passport received with your identity card is suspected of entering the country illegally. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 before you can be arrested.
Hello, this is the Swiss Embassy. Your identity information was stolen from a bank card run by a credit union and absconded with this card, which is currently under arrest at the airport in Shanghai. You are now required to contact the police station to give an account of the situation, which would affect your information.
Me, me! Well, I'm meeting a committee member who needs to give a gift to the leader. Give me $10,000 in cash.
It's me, can you hear me? It's me who's just meeting a comrade in charge. I need to give the leader something to do. Can you transfer me some money with your credit card?
Hello. I'm with the Housing Authority. According to the latest national policy, the houses you have bought are now subject to a tax policy. You need to work with me on face recognition.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. The State has recently put in place a policy whereby the houses you buy are now entitled to tax rebates on car purchases. You need to get to the ATM of the Four Credit Unions to start tax refunds as I need them.
Hello, I work for the Beijing City Communications Authority. In Beijing, someone used your identity information to receive a mobile phone card and used it to cheat citizens of Hubei in Beijing. If you do not do it yourself, you need to prove to the Beijing City Police that you did not send these messages.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a Amazonian. I'm calling to inform you. Because many of the customers had previously reacted to a bad situation, we found that the product had excess sulphur content, and we will double your compensation. We also need you to open up a commercial reserve.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is a police unit in Sansa City, Hainan. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. Now you need a link to update your personal information.
You remember the student loan. Remember to write off the account number if it is finished; and to log in every month if it is not. I'm afraid we'll steal it.
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger in an ant gold suit. You can't get credit information from students at the 19th Congress. You have to cancel the bank account with a little bit of microclinism.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office officer at the credit card office. There's a very good high credit card adjunct for you, and it's off-the-shelf and fast. A down payment of $1,000 is required for processing this business.
Hello, I work for the Chinese Express Service. We found that a delivery package sent to you appeared to contain contraband. If this delivery is not from you, you need to report it to the Liaoning police.
Hello, customer. I work at the Central Service. I'm very sorry that your courier was lost because of the staff crash, and we'll pay you back here. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated staff member to carry out a specific settlement operation by adding a letter of compensation.
Hello? Is it Zhang Hui? I'm your high school math teacher. I'll give you a bank account. I need to pay this account, but I can't do it right now. I'll give you an account number. You can turn up here.
Hello, I'm the Social Welfare Department. Did you apply for a medical reimbursement earlier? I can connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, this is the British health department. Your health is not declared in time. You'll have a bad register.
I'm sorry to bother you, honey. I'm a hand-sale. I'm really, really sorry, because the epidemic is so serious that the pork chop you bought earlier stopped sending out and now needs a refund. You download an AP called "Softview" to start the repayment operation.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm the guest of the gift. I'm so sorry about the milk you bought the other time, which you drank and had a diarrhea. If you want to start a settlement, I need you to add my message, which I can guide you to the next step.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at Yangtze Securities. Because you've bought stock in our company before, and now you have a good stock, and this fund will keep you on track. If you're interested in this stock, you'll get a reservation by the link I sent you.
Hello, this is the passenger service of DHL International Express Ltd. in Shanghai. We have a delivery for you, but this package contains prohibited items. You need to come to the public security department this afternoon by 6 p.m. to say that this delivery has nothing to do with you.
Can you hear me? It's me. I've just met a comrade in charge, and I need to do something for him. Will you turn me around?
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. According to the latest national policy, you are eligible for a return tax on the purchase of a dwelling and are entitled to a favourable tax refund. You need to work with me on face recognition.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at Eastern Securities. Recently, our company found a good fund. It's moving very well. If you're interested, you can order the link I've distributed to you to start the scheduled purchase.
Hello, I'm a loan attendant in Kyoto. You have opened a bank account for the loan, but the national policy now requires the cancellation of this batch of users. If you don't cancel, the names will be recorded on the good faith list, so now you're asked to add our QQueen, and there will be a specialized person to guide you on how to write it off.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for the Zhejiang Department of Communications. There are reports that you have another cell phone number in your name. If it is not for you, you need to report the case to the Beijing City Public Security.
Sorry to bother you, but this is the customer manager for everyone's property. This is how our company's house is moving. Do you want it? You're considering which position.
Hello, a few minutes. This is Mayday's agent. I have tickets to their concert next week. If you're interested, you can click the link I sent to you to open an appointment.
Hello. I'm a guest at the Internet Building. I bought a new house. Are you ready to buy a school room lately? I can give you a detailed introduction.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. I'm in a meeting.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I work for the Nagakawa Epidemic Control Station. Your trajectory has been checked to overlap with confirmed cases. I'll spread you a link. You need to check your personal itinerary.
Lee Hui. The mayor of town told me to transfer him a bill. Because the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I can't give him money. You can help me with the money.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. The delivery you bought earlier was lost in transit, and the company will pay you the original price. A specialized compensation staff member has been assigned to you on this side, and you will be required to add a letter of satisfaction to carry out specific compensation operations.
Hello, I'm from Luxury Securities. Because you used to buy stock in our company, and now you have a very good stock, which keeps you on track. You'll write a link for you to finish the purchase book.
Hello, this is Central Express. We have a delivery for you, but this package contains contraband. If you want to state that this delivery is not yours, you need to tell Hebei police.
Sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy office. You are not allowed to enter or leave the country because you are suspected of extortion. The British Embassy is now required by law to return you to your country and to take your statement to the Shanghai Public Security Department.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. The city's head told me to transfer a bill to him. Because of the sensitivity of the Commissioner and my identity, I can't give him the money.
Hello. Here's the chalk test manual. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. I'll add my tweets.
Hello, this is a hand-carrying service from DHL International Express Ltd. in Shanghai. We found that a delivery package sent to you appeared to contain contraband. If it wasn't for you, you'd have to explain it to Gansu Provincial Police.
What are you doing? The rent is on my wife's card. Your rent will be transferred to this card.
Hello, a few minutes. This is the buyer manager for everyone's property. I'll see if you think about it. Did you know anything about our project earlier?
Hello, a few minutes. This is the school loan office. The loan bank account that you opened at the undergraduate level needs to be cancelled as a result of the introduction of 19 new policies. The account needs to be written off in a timely manner.
Hello, this is Zhejiang Province DHL International Express Service. Call you because. You sent a delivery that was stopped because you had been sampled to a prohibited substance. If you want to state that the delivery is not yours, you need to tell the Zhejiang police.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese telecommunications passenger. Your home phone is in arrears for $50 and is about to be shut down. You have to give me information about your head of household, so that you can make a living.
Hello, National Telecommunications Authority. In Beijing, someone used your identity information to dispose of a mobile phone card and used it to defraud Shanghai City citizens of their property. It is now necessary for you to go to the Haidian police station in Beijing to take care of the report, indicating that these violations were not committed by you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm the one who needs to call you to pay for the service. The last month, when you tested the cream you bought in Amazon, you discovered that there was a composition problem with the mask, and the Bureau of Commerce and Industry demanded double compensation. Now you need to open up the money to pay the treasure, and we'll double your compensation through this channel.
Hello, I'm the landlord. I need you to deposit this rent on my lover's farm card. I'll use this credit card to collect your rent.
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger in an ant gold suit. You can't get credit information from college students at the 19th Congress, because you have registration information to help you cancel. You must add a nail to the bank account and cancel it.
What are you doing? I'm telling you, I'm having a fraud. I'm telling you he's a half-monthly clerk at the exam. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. It can be ordered by writing my own message in the link he sent me.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for DHL International Express Limited in Shanghai. One of the couriers you sent by mail was picked up and stopped with prohibited items. If this delivery is not from you, you need to report it to the Gansu police.
Good news! I thought you said you wanted to see May. I have tickets to their concert next week. I'll make an appointment for your distributed link.
Hello, this is Mayday's agent calling to tell you. I have tickets for their concert next week. I don't know if you're interested, but if you're interested, I'd like to add some details.
Excuse me for a few minutes. We have a fast track for nucleic acid testing. If you want, write a link to you to book online.
Sorry to bother you. This is the office of the Macao Communications Authority. Since one of your registered telecommunications phone numbers always sends out illegal information in groups, all your cell phone numbers are about to shut down. If you didn't do it, you'd have to report it to the Beijing police.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial passenger in Kyoto's wallet. If you wish to cancel your own loan account, it will affect your credit checks. The write-off measures require the first message, “Closure of business”, to be sent in a letter of credit to the technicians who take us.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm the guest of the gift. As a result of the leaks in the office, the Union was opened without your consent. If you need to cancel, you need to go to the credit union yourself, otherwise the service will begin to be deducted after today.
Hello, I'm sorry to delay you for a few minutes. You are currently suspected of committing a crime. If it wasn't for your own mail, you'd have to explain it to the Ningxia Ministry of Public Security.
Hello, this is an artificial passenger service from DHL International Express Ltd. in Shanghai. We have a delivery for you, but this package contains contraband. You need to report this to the Shanghai police.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of Kyoto. Have you ever taken a loan service from Kyoto? You have opened a borrowing account, but national policy now requires the cancellation of this batch of users. The write-off practice requires that the first message, “cancellation operations”, be sent in a letter-of-assist manner to our technicians.
Excuse me, Ms. Chang, I'm from the Metropolitan Police. Your son-in-law was arrested last night at our police station. You've got to get ready for the $30,000 fine.
What are you doing, I tell you, I've been conned and told that he's a hand-carrying guest. I was told that there was a quality problem with the lipstick I had previously acquired. Let me now add the QQ of their guest service, and he will then guide me in making reparations.
This is Ms. Chang from the City Police Department. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. You get ready for the $30,000 fine.
Excuse me. This is the DMV office. The State has recently issued a policy to this effect. In order for you to get your tax refund as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine in a nearby bank to operate as I need to.
Hello. Hello. I'm the Express Service Station. The milk you have purchased is not eligible for the test and is now compensated as required. You need to add a QQ Q to the office that we have designated as the responsibility for compensation.
I'm sorry to delay you for a few minutes. I'm a staff member at the school loan department. You've applied for a loan. You need to remember to write it off in time, otherwise your information is easily misappropriated by the outlaws.
Hey, I'm an ant gold suit. You can't get credit information from students at the 19th Congress, because you have registration information. You need to add QQ to the account write-off in the middle of today.
Distinguished customer, I work for Amazon Business. Because of our poor operation pool, your multi-account information was inadvertently miscalculated to Skycat International. I'll connect you to the inside of your usual bank card.
Shit, I told you I had a half month to talk to the staff at the exam. Say they have the real question of the English 4th grade. It's easy for him to send me a link to perfect his personal information.
Hello, this is a guest dress from the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? I'd like to make a return visit.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an employee of the National Gold Securities Company. We've recently found a good stock. It tends to be good. If you're interested in this stock, you'll be able to make a link appointment that I'll spread to you later.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese telecommunications passenger. Your family's Internet bill is about to expire, and your home's Internet service is about to be shut down. I'll send you a link through which you can finish the renewal.
It's me, can you hear me? I'd like to ask the Commissioner to do something, so I need to give the leader a present. I need some money. I need some money.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is a police officer from the Haidian Police Department in Beijing. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow of our system on this side shows a problem with your travel code. I need you to go to the nearest police station and explain.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. I'm a guest at the Internet House. Are you ready to buy a school room recently? You're considering which position.
Zhang Yi right. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. Or you can wait.
Hello, I'm an artificial guest at the Internet Building for the new house. I'll see if you think about it. I can give you a detailed introduction.
Your name is Li Hui. Here's your picture. Do as I say if I don't want it leaked.
Distinguished customer, I'm a staff member of the Maverick. More than 100 non-platinum members were processed as platinum members due to operational errors in our department. You've been contacted for emergency access to the bank.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. The delivery you bought at the previous time was lost in transit and the company will pay you the original price. If you want compensation, you need to add my nails, so I can guide you to your next operation.
Hello, excuse me. This is the British Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to assist in handling the case and inform the public security authorities in Beijing within two hours.
I'm sorry to bother you. More than 100 non-platin members have been registered as platinum members due to omissions on the part of my department. Need you to sell this right through the emergency channel of the credit union.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a police officer from the Zero Criminal Police Department of Heilongjiang province. The currents of our system show that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. Now you need to get to the nearby Ministry of Public Security and find out if your information is correct.
Good news! You said you wanted to see May. Now I have extra tickets for the concert. You'll click on the link I'll spread for you to make an appointment.
Hello, esteemed client. This is Fujian DHL International Express. A delivery that you mail seems to contain prohibited items. If it was not for your own mail, it would be necessary to inform the Shanghai City Public Security Department.
Hello, I'm the center of the center. I'm so sorry that your courier was missing as a result of our staff error, and we're here to settle your claim. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated compensation staff member who will need you to add the compensation qq to carry out the specific compensation operations.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a guest after the sale. I'm sorry to inform you that the grill you bought earlier was not available for distribution because of the epidemic, and you need a refund. You will need to download the information session, which we can use to communicate, so I can show you how it works.
Hello, I'm the center of Central Express. I'm sorry to inform you that your courier is missing. I'm so sorry. We'll triple the compensation. Can you add my tweets for further settlement?
Sorry to bother you. This is the Swiss Embassy staff. Passports received in your capacity are suspected of illegal entry. If you want to be clean, you have to transfer to this bank account to prove that your account is not restricted.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes, but this is the staff of the Yaslanda Flag. You've bought a lipstick in our house before. I don't know how you feel about it. You want to go back with us?
Hello, I'm a guest at Jiangsu DHL International Express Co. Ltd. Now let me tell you that a delivery you sent was seized for taking samples to contain prohibited substances. If you want to make it clear that this delivery is not yours, you need to tell Jiangsu police.
Hello, this is the credit card demarche. Our company will shortly launch a high-value credit card commission without proof of income. You can pay a fee of $1,000.
Hello, excuse me. This is the British Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to handle the case and inform the Beijing Public Security Bureau within two hours.
Little King. The rent is on my wife's credit card. Transfer the rent to this card.
I work for the Public Security Department in Beijing, and I'm calling you because of this. There's something wrong with your nucleic acid test. We need you to get to the nearest police unit as soon as possible.
Hello, this is the staff of Henan's CDC. Someone used your I.D. to set up a cell phone number on the Hill of the Peaks for online fraud. If it is not in its own hands, it is necessary to produce a copy of the public order file in Henan.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of Central Station Services. I'm sorry to inform you that your delivery has been lost. I'm so sorry. We'll triple. On this side, we have a dedicated compensation staff for you, and you are required to add a nail to the compensation to carry out specific reparations operations.
It's me, can you hear me? That's what I've just arranged for a leader who needs to do something for his comrades. Need to transfer cash through your credit card.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a hand-carrying member of Kyoto's wallet. Because of the guidelines issued by the 19th Congress to combat borrowing platforms for university students, you have requested the cancellation of your loan account, which, if not cancelled, could affect credit investigations. So you need to add your qq to help you cancel the student network loan account.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. This is the staff of the Yaslanda Flag. A while ago, you bought a new lipstick from our house. How did it feel? We need to do a back-to-back survey of the buyers who bought it at the previous time.
Hello, it's me. I'm going to meet with a leader this afternoon, and I'm going to present a gift to the committee. Need to transfer money through your credit card.
Hello, this is the British Embassy staff. I'm calling to inform you that you can't enter the country because of the fraud. We shall now deport you to your country in accordance with the law and send you to Anhui Public Security Department for a statement.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Skycat Workstation. I'm really, really sorry that your previous beef drying test found that the microbiology levels were high, and now you need to be paid back. You need to add a QQ to the staff we specialize in.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. The box you bought was broken and we'll pay you back. Can you add my Twitter for further operations?
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Sanwon Public Security of the Ningxia Autonomous Region. There's a problem with your nucleic acid tests. We need you to get to the nearest public security officer as soon as possible.
I just got a call from a handyman. They said they had a lot of heavy metals such as mercury for cosmetics, and the business administration now demanded that the merchants pay me three times back. They are now called back and paid compensation for the problem product.
Hey, I'm a Chinese telecommunications guest. Your cable's out of charge. It's going to be forced to shut down. You have to give me information about the head of your family, so you can pay for it.
Hello, this is the staff of the CDC station in Inner Mongolia. A mobile phone number in your name has been reported by the public in Hulambel, which has caused a great deal of trouble to the population. In order to prevent parking, you need to make this matter known to the Ministry of Public Security as soon as possible.
Hey, Zhang Yi, it's Zou Nam, your counselor. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. I'll give you an account number and you can turn up on me.
Hello, this is the school loan office. As a result of the national approach, the loan account opened by the Section needs to be written off. Don't forget to cancel this account.
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? We now have projects to close, which require a cash transfer to the city's director's committee. Can I transfer this cash to you and you transfer it to him?
Hello, this is the British Embassy. A passport is suspected of entering the country illegally. We are now about to return you to your country in accordance with the law and send you to the public security services in Beijing for a statement.
Hello, I work for the Watarina Securities Company. Because you used to buy stock in our company, and now you have a very good stock, which will keep you on track. If you're interested in this stock, you can book the link I'll spread to you later.
Hello, this is the British health department. The risks of the recent epidemic are high and local students need to declare their health in a timely manner. If not, there is an imminent risk of forced return to the country.
Xiao Liu. The town's leader asked me to transfer him a bill. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting. You'll have to help me with this. I'll turn around.
Hello? Is it Zhang Jing? I'm your high school math teacher. I'm in a bit of a hurry, but I don't need your help with the transfer. I'll give you a bank account.
Hello, this is Copper Jen Disease Control. We have a fast track for nucleic acid tests. You can raise the booking, we can book it for you in advance, and you can just come over.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Kim Hua Epidemic Control Station. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. If you're in a hurry, you can make an extra reservation.
Hello, I work for the British Embassy. The passport that you have received with your identity information is suspected of being illegal. I would like to request your assistance in handling the case and inform the public security authorities of Beijing within two hours.
Hello, this is the Beijing Communications Authority. In Beijing, someone used your identity information to dispose of a mobile phone card and used this phone number to defraud Shanghai citizens in a pit in Henan province. If you do not have this number, you need to inform the Henan Public Security Department immediately.
I'm sorry to bother you, but here's the manual service of the Watt Educational Examinations. Well, here's the real question of the English 4th grade. I'll book the links I sent you for a while and get them as soon as possible.
Did you see the English Level 4 exam? It would be nice if we could find the real question of this exam at the Education Examination. Do you have a way to buy the real question?
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for DHL International Express Ltd. in Shanghai. A courier you sent was detained for sampling to contain contraband. If you want to prove that this delivery is not yours, you need to follow the Sea Police.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an Uzbek telecommunications guest. Your cable's already in arrears. You have to give me information about your head of household, so you can pay for your stay.
Little King. My bank card was no longer in use at the previous time, and I had a new agricultural card. You'll be on this card later on, please.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Greek Embassy. As a result of the epidemic, you are required to provide disease control bonds to specific bank accounts. Otherwise, you could be deported.
Hello, it's me. I just had a meeting with a member of the Board of Directors. Can you lend me some money?
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at the National Securities Corporation. There's a certain trend in the information in the stock that will guarantee you a lot of money. If you're interested in this stock, you can order it through the link I'll spread to you later.
Hello, customer. I work at the Central Service. I'm really, really sorry, because we lost your delivery because of the station staff. You will be required to pay compensation in addition to the qq of the office personnel for which we are exclusively responsible.
Hello, I'm a guest at the Li Ning Basketball Flag. As a result of the staff member ' s loss, the Federation was opened without your consent. We've reached you with the emergency route at the Oval Office.
Zhang Yi. We're friends of Dojo, and you offended a year ago. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
Hello, Liu. We now have a project to close, which will require a cash transfer to the municipal commission as soon as possible. Since the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I can't transfer him money.
Hello, it's me. I now have an appointment with a leader who needs to be served on the Commission. Need to transfer cash through your credit card.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is a staff member of the Beijing Haidian Telecommunication Authority. People in the Haydian region report that a cell phone number in your name is always calling harassment, causing a lot of trouble to the population. It is now necessary for you to come to the Ministry of Public Security of Tongzhou, Beijing, to take care of the report.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police of the Public Security Department of Dingxi, Gansu Province. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow of our system here shows that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. Now you need to get to the police station in the vicinity to verify that your information is correct.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police department of the Haidian district of Beijing. I'd like you to cooperate with us. The flow shows that your process code is in trouble. You need to come to the nearest Ministry of Public Security as soon as possible.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm very sorry for the error in our office, which led to your short notice, and we're here to settle your claim. We're going to make amends through online banking, and you need to add my qq.
I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am. I work for the Air Service. Your flight was cancelled because of the weather. You need to tell us your credit card number and Carnet balance, so we can refund your ticket.
I'm from the City Public Security Bureau. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. It's not a good thing. If you want a lot of people to know, pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
Ms. Zhang, this is the head of the City Public Security Police Station. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. You'll be fined $30,000 in cash.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a passenger at the Express because I called you. I'm really, really sorry, because we lost your couriers because of the leak of our station staff, and we'll double your compensation. Could you please add my Twitter for further compensation?
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police of Hainan Sanya Public Security Bureau. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. Now you need to get to a nearby police station as soon as possible to verify that your information is correct.
Hi, honey. I'm Amazon. I'm sorry to bother you. In doing this, Skycat's university student interns mistook your Amazon account for the services of a member of the trader's agency. You need to communicate with the credit union staff and get a letter of return to eliminate this service.
Are the loans you applied for when we were at school? Remember to cancel the account if it is finished. To prevent outlaws from using our information to do bad things.
Hello, I'm a Qatar telecommunications guest. Your cable service has expired and is in a state of default, so it's about to be shut down. We need to verify the information about your head of household and therefore renew the fee.
Hello, this is the Yaslanda Flag. How about the lipstick you bought at our flagship store a while ago? We need to do a back-to-back survey of the clients we bought.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a member of the Chinese Public Examinations Board. Here's the thing. We have the real question of the English four. I can add my tweets.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Guizhou Police Station. Your identity information was used to divert money. If this has nothing to do with you, you will have to come to the Public Security Department in the city by 6 p.m. this afternoon.
Hello, is Liu? The town commissioner asked me to transfer him a bill. Can I transfer this money to you and you transfer it to him?
Hello, esteemed customer. This is Shanghai International Express. We checked a delivery package sent to you by mail that seems to contain prohibited items. If you didn't mail it yourself, you need to explain it to the Shanghai City Police Force.
I was called today by a man who said it was a hand-carrying service that inspired the educational examination. Say they have the real question of the English 4th grade. Can you order me an appointment with the link he spread me?
Me, me! I'm looking for a committee member to do something, so I need to present a gift to the leader. Give me $10,000 in cash.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of our staff pool, and we'll settle your claim. We need you to check the information with us.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. One of the couriers you sent by mail was seized because it was found to contain contraband. If you want to make it clear that this delivery is not yours, you need to tell the Hong Kong SAR police.
Hello, this is the teacher at the school loan station. As a result of national policy, the loan account opened by your section needs to be cancelled. Don't forget to cancel the bank account.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Because of the disease, we stopped the distribution and needed to get you a refund. You will need to download the information session, which we can use to communicate, so I can show you how it works.
I'm sorry to bother you, honey. I'm an artificial customer after the sale. I'm really, really sorry, because it's too serious right now, so the spinal meat you bought earlier stopped delivering and now needs to be repaid for disposal. You download an AP called "Softview" for repayment.
Hi, I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial customer after the treasure shop. I'm really, really sorry, because the epidemic is too serious, so the pork chops you bought earlier stopped sending them, and now they need a refund for disposal. We have assigned you a specialized staff for this purpose, and you are required to add a nail to the compensation for the specific compensation operation.
Hello, this is Jilin Chang Chun Public Security. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to update your personal information now by clicking on the link I sent you.
I'm a staff member of the Jiangxi provincial police department. I'm calling because of you. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. We need you to come to the nearest public security station and explain the situation.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm sorry to inform you that the steaks you bought earlier were not available for distribution due to the epidemic. You download an AP called "Softview" for refund.
Can you hear me? It's me. I'm looking for a leader to do something, so I need to give a gift to the leader. I need some cash. I have to pay.
A man called me today and said it was an artificial guest at the Wattoo School Examination Institution. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. If I want to buy it, you can pre-order it by clicking on the extension link you sent me.
Hello, this is a member of the criminal police force of Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. There's a problem with your nucleic acid test. You need to get to the nearest police station as soon as possible.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm Kyoto's passenger service. The date of manufacture of the milk you have bought has been revised and it is now necessary to double your compensation. Can you add my qq for further operation?
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Pork Hill Epidemiology Department. We have a fast path to the results of the nucleic acid. If you're in a hurry, you can make an extra appointment.
Good news! You said you wanted to see May. Now I have extra tickets to the concert. If you're interested, you can order me a moment to spread the link to you.
Hello, Zhang Ting. I'm Wang's teacher at the Department of Education. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. If it's convenient for you now, either you help me with the money as soon as possible.
You remember the student loan you applied for. Remember to write off the account number of the application after you have repaid this. To prevent outlaws from using our information to do bad things.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Housing Authority. As a result of the new national policy, the property you have bought back is now subject to the ex gratia tax policy. In order for you to complete the tax refund as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine in the nearest credit union to operate as I asked.
Hello, this is the Liechtenstein Embassy staff. You need to provide an outbreak-control guarantee to a particular account because of the traffic. If you do not do so in time, your credentials in Liechtenstein will be affected.
Sorry to bother you, but this is the customer manager of everyone's property. I'll see if you need it. Did you know anything about our project earlier?
Hello, this is the Yaslanda Flag. How did you feel about the lipstick you bought earlier? You want to cooperate with us on a return visit?
I'm Zou Nam I'm in a bit of a hurry right now, but I can't transfer it. I need your help. If it's convenient for you now, I'd like to advance the cash.
Hello, this is National Telecommunications Authority staff. A mobile phone card was processed in Beijing using your identity information and used this phone number to cheat citizens of your province in Beijing. It is now necessary for you to go to the Beijing Haidian police station and file a report indicating that you did not commit these offences.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of the Washington, D.C. Telecommunications Administration. Residents reported that you had another cell phone number in your name, which was sending a large amount of garbage. If these unlawful acts were not done by yourself, it would be necessary to contact the Ministry of Public Security as soon as possible and to ask the Public Security Bureau to present the file.
Excuse me, but this is the DMV office. As a result of the country's latest guidelines, the cars you have purchased are now eligible for a preferential tax refund. I'll give you a dynamic password later. You spread the code to me. I need to check your identity.
I'm sorry to keep you here for a few minutes. You've applied for a loan. Make sure you remember to cancel it in time, otherwise your information is easily misappropriated.
Is that Little King? My CBS card was no longer in use at the previous time and a new CPS card was set up. I'll use this card to collect your rent.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Possibilities Control Station. I'm calling you because. Your trajectory has been checked to overlap with confirmed cases. Now we need to check your itinerary and finish the online link within an hour.
Xiao Liu. The town's leader asked me to transfer him a bill. Because the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I don't want to cash him.
Hello, is Liu? We now have a project to close, and before that, we need to transfer money to the city's directors. Because I can't cash him directly, so I'm going to transfer the money to you and you're going to transfer it to him.
Hi, honey. I'm a Skycat. I'm sorry to bother you. This batch of lips shows the mass of excess metal, which requires a settlement of $1,000. Now you add a micro-letter and give him a copy of the order, so he knows how you'll pay back.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. According to the latest State policy, you are eligible for reimbursement of tax on the purchase of a dwelling and are entitled to a preferential tax refund. You need to work with me on face recognition.
Hello, a few minutes late. This is the school loan station clerk. As a result of the introduction of the 19 major policies, the loan account opened at the time of your assignment needs to be written off. Please cancel the account in a timely manner.
Hello, this is the hand-carrying at the credit card debut. Our institution has recently introduced a high credit card to handle business without excessive formalities. A fee of $1,000 is required for this operation.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member at the Ningbo Disease Control Station. After checking your itinerary, it overlaps with confirmed cases. I'll send you a link. You need to check your personal route.
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I work for the National Tax Center. The State has recently issued a policy on this matter, and the houses you buy are now easier to enjoy. You need to get the ATM machine near the bank to do what I asked for.
What are you doing? I told you, I ran into fraud and told me he worked at the chalk school. Tell me about the fourth grade. I don't know if my class needs a fourth grade. Let me write the link he sent me.
Hello, I'm a guest at the Li Ning Basketball Flag. Our office leak accidentally turned you into a member of our shop. You've been contacted for emergency access to the Novels to stop immediately.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. This is Mayday's agent. I don't know if you want the tickets for their fan meeting. If you're interested, I'll order the link I sent you for an appointment.
Didn't you apply for a student loan when you were in college? Remember to cancel the account if it is finished. To prevent outlaws from using our information to do bad things.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Beijing Communications Authority. The residents report that you have another cell phone number in your name and are sending spam messages in large numbers. If it wasn't for you, you'd have to report it to the Ministry of Public Security in Beijing.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. The fruit box you bought was broken, and perhaps the contents were broken, and the company will pay you back. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated staff member who will need you to add a settlement qq for specific compensation operations.
This account number is yours. You are advised to take note of your own statements on social platforms. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
Hello, I'm from Seaton Securities. You bought shares in our company earlier, and now you have a good share, and we have inside information about the fund. If you're interested, click on the link I sent to you for booking.
Hello, excuse me. This is the Embassy of Trinidad and Tobago. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to handle the case and inform the Beijing Public Security Bureau within two hours.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. You are currently suspected of committing a crime. If it is not for your own mail, you need to prove it to the Shanghai City Public Security Department.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the customer manager for everyone's property. This is how our company's house is going. Do you want it? I'll give you a detailed introduction.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an agent at the credit card debut. There's a very good high credit card adjunct for you, which is off-line and fast. A handling fee of $1,000 is required for this operation.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for the Beijing City Communications Authority. We have received reports that your mobile phone number is sending a large number of illegal messages. You need to prove your innocence by 6:00 p.m. in town.
Hello, this is the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? We want to visit you back.
It's me, can you hear me? I have a temporary appointment for a member, who needs to be served with a courtesy. Can you transfer me some money with a bank card?
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the DMV office. I'm calling to inform you. According to the latest national policy, you are eligible for a tax refund on the purchase of a car and are entitled to a tax reimbursement policy. You'll have to go to the ATM in the vicinity, as I instructed you.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm sorry to inform you that the roasted meat you bought earlier was not available for distribution due to the epidemic and that you need to be reimbursed. You download an AP called "Soft-Video" for a refund.
Hello? I told you I had a half-month-long exam. Tell me they have the real question of the English 4th grade. Let me write the link he sent me.
It's me, can you hear me? I have a temporary appointment for a member who needs to be assigned to the leadership. Could you use a bank card to give me a little cash?
Hello, this is Police Officer Heilongang. Your identity information was used to steal money. You need a self-incriminating police station in the city by 6:00 this afternoon.
Liu Na. Think of Liu Wah Keung as a sinner. Now somebody's paying you to look good. If you want to save your life, give me $30,000 in cash.
Hello, this is the corridor disease control department. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. We've got plenty of resources. If you want, you can enter the link that you're spreading to start booking online.
I thought you were applying for a student loan. Remember to cancel the account if it is finished. Failure to log in for long periods of time would become unsafe.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. You will ask the Treasury for details of the issuance. Can I connect you?
Are you Wang Qian? We are from the police substation of the Hmong Autonomous District of the Zhongqing municipality. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. You'll get 30,000 dollars in cash fine immediately.
Hello, is Zhang Yi from class? I'm Teacher Zhang of the Department. Your class's tuition fees have not been paid. We're close to the deadline for payment of material fees. Just turn it around.
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? I'm talking business. I need to pay the deposit. I'm in a meeting.
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger at DHL International Express Ltd. in Shanghai, calling you because. We have a delivery for you, but this package contains contraband. If this delivery isn't from you, you need to report it to Chongqing police.
I'm from the City Public Security Department. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. You need to get 30,000 fines ready for bail.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a fast-track guest. I'm so sorry about the milk you bought in the past, and you've had a diarrhea after a lot of people have said it. We'll pay you $100. If you want to make a settlement, you need to add my nails so I can guide you to the next move.
Good news! Didn't you say you were going to see May? Now I have extra tickets to the concert. If you're interested, click the link I sent you for an appointment.
Hello, this is the CDC staff in Henan Province. We have received reports from Beijing citizens that your mobile phone number illegally disseminates blackmail messages. If you do, you'll face a downing of all your cell phone numbers. If you don't, you'll have to report it to the police.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm the guest of Kyoto's wallet. Because of the 19th Congress's policy of cutting down loan platforms to university students, you have asked for the cancellation of your loan account, which, if not, will affect credit investigations. If you do not write it off, your name will be entered on the good faith list, so now you will be asked to add our qq, and you will be instructed by someone special about how to cancel.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm with the National Tax Administration. In accordance with the country's latest policy, you can now purchase cars with a tax refund. If you don't know the details of the retreat, you'll have to go to the ATM in the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, this is the post-sale service of the Yaslanda Flag. A while ago, you bought a new lip pen at our house. How did it feel? I'd like to make a return visit.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a few minutes late. This is Mayday's agent. I have tickets to the concert they're hosting next week. If you're interested, you can click the link I sent to you to book back.
Hello, I'm the Social Welfare Department. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. You need to add QQ. of our Treasury staff to the details he'll tell you.
Someone just called me and said it was a chalk exam. Tell me they have the real question of the fourth grade. I don't really want to buy it. If I want to buy it back, I can order an extension of the link that I've spread.
I'm a Chinese telecommunications passenger. Your cable's already in arrears, and you're about to be forced to shut down. I'll send you a link through which you'll finish the renewal.
Someone just called me and said it was a tremor. I was told that the shampoo heavy metal element that I had bought earlier exceeded the standard. I also said that I needed to open up a vendor reserve to pay for subsequent refunds.
Hello, this is the Beijing City Public Security Bureau. You are currently wanted by the Public Security Bureau on the Internet because the outlaws use your identity card to transfer the stolen money. You need to come to the police station in town by 6:00 this afternoon to prove yourself innocent.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a school loan workstation. As a result of the national approach, the loan accounts opened by your Section need to be written off. Make sure you remember to cancel in time, otherwise your information is easily misappropriated by the outlaws.
Hello, this is Mayday's agent calling to tell you. I've got a few tickets on my hands for next month's fan meeting. If you want, you can make a line appointment by clicking the extended link you sent later.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the school loan station. As a result of the 19-year-old approach, the loan account that you opened at the time of the Section needs to be written off. Please follow the information issued by the class director in a timely manner and cancel the account.
I'm from the City Police Department. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. If you want to bail him out, you need to pay $30,000.
Just call Chang San. We're friends on the street. You offended a year ago. If you want to do this, you'll have to transfer me $30,000.
Are you Ms. Chang? This is the City Police. Your son-in-law was arrested yesterday for prostitution. Let's talk to the lady. It won't be nice to say it and let everyone know it's not good for him. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail, and you see this procedure?
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really very sorry, because the omission of our site staff caused your delivery to be lost and will be compensated double. You need to download the teleconference. We can communicate with the teleconference so I can show you how to settle the claims.
What are you doing? It's me. I'm trying to get the leader to do something, so I need to give the committee a gift. Can you lend me some cash first?
Hello, I'm a passenger at Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. Your flight was cancelled because of the weather. We have a designated officer here to direct your refund, and you need to add his nails.
Lee Hui. You better get out of Twitter as soon as possible. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
Hello, I work for Yaslanda, Kyoto. The new student student intern made a mistake handling your middleman business. I can help you with the inside of your usual bank card.
Xiao Liu. We now have a project to close, which requires a transfer of money to city leaders as soon as possible. Because I can't cash him directly, so I'll transfer the cash to you as soon as possible and you'll transfer it to him.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an artificial guest on the international shopping platform. You've had a problem with the amount of cream you bought last month, and we'll double your compensation. If you want, you need to download a software called "Soft View" quickly.
Liu Yan right. Think that you can be offended. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
Your name is Liu Yi. Did you want to come and play? If you don't want to be famous at your school.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Amazonian Slande Flag. The amount of heavy metal elements you have purchased before the shampoo is above the standard. Now you need to download an e-mail conference, and I'll show you how to get your own settlement.
Hello, I'm Skycat's hand-carriage. I'm really sorry that the larvae you purchased earlier found that the microbial content exceeded the standard. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated compensation person to be added to the compensation qq for a specific settlement.
Hello, Zhang Ting. I'm the Queen of the Department. I'm calling because your class has not paid for the materials. The deadline for payment is 6 p.m. this afternoon. Don't forget to submit a ha.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Your delivery is missing. I'm really sorry. We'll pay you back. We need you to work with us to verify the information.
This account is yours. Liu Huaqiang gave me your privacy photos. You better not contact anyone now.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. As a result of the latest State policy, the properties you have previously acquired are now subject to a preferential tax refund. You'll have to do tax refunds on the nearest ATM, as I told you.
Are you there? I told you there was a Kyodong uniform calling me. Tell me that there was a problem of chemical excess in a batch of pink cakes examined by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the one I bought earlier was in this batch, so now it needs to be recalled. Let me add a tweet to this.
Hello, distinguished buyer. I'm a guest at DHL International Express Ltd., Shanghai. We checked a delivery package sent to you that appeared to contain contraband. If it is not for you, a certificate is required from the Fujian police station.
Hello, this is the staff of the anti-fouling station in Tower City. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. We've got plenty of resources. Can you fill in the link you sent later to finish your appointment?
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at the Grand Securities. There's a certain movement of insider information that will guarantee you a lot of money. If you're interested, I'll send you a link for a booking.
Lee Hui. You better get out of Twitter. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
This account is yours. Here's your picture. It's best if I let you do what you want.
Hello, I'm Yangtze Securities. There's a certain trend in the information in the stock, so you can make a fortune. I'm going to spread you a link, and you're going to go inside and complete your personal information.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Beijing City Public Security. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to download a police software to run the situation note, and we'll have someone to direct you to.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of the Embassy of Guatemala. A passport that is handled with your identity information is suspected of illegal entry. If you want to prove your innocence, you must transfer to this account to prove that your account is unrestricted.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a guest after the Amazon sale. I'm really, really sorry, because the outbreak is so serious that the beef jerky you bought earlier stopped sending and now needs a refund. You need to add a nail to the staff we're dealing with.
Hello, I'm a guest of Beijing Airlines. Your flight was cancelled because of the weather. Our approach here is to know the customer's bank account of a credit union to receive refunds.
Hello, a few minutes. This is the Chinese express. I would now like to inform you that a courier you sent by mail has been intercepted because it contains prohibited items. If it is not from you, a certificate is required from the Shanghai City Public Security Department.
Zhang. You're in trouble. If you really want to get better, you can transfer me $30,000 in cash to this account.
Sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy staff. A bank card was set up with your identity information and absconded with the cash of that card. A warrant has been issued for your arrest and you need to pay £1,000 in order not to be arrested.
I'm telling you, I suspect I've been subjected to blackmail and I just got a call calling myself a poacher. I bought lipstick to detect the quality of excess mercury. Let me download an e-mail session, open the screen and then direct me to my claim.
Just call me in the treasure suit. I was informed that the heavy metal content such as shampoo mercury that I had previously purchased exceeded the standard. If compensation is required, a program called “Soft-Video” needs to be downloaded as early as possible.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Social Welfare Department. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. I'll get you to the Treasury. He'll direct you.
Hello, is Liu? I've just agreed on a project, and now we need to pay each other a deposit. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting right now. I'll turn around later.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I work for the Macao Peninsula Telecommunications Authority. One of your cell phone numbers is suspected of being irregular. If these unlawful acts were not committed by yourself, it would be necessary to contact the Public Security Bureau immediately and to request the Criminal Police Brigade to present the file.
Hello, this is the Beijing City Public Security Police. Because the outlaws used your ID to transfer the stolen money, you are currently wanted by the police. You need to download a police software to do the fact sheet, and we'll have someone to direct you to.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. As a result of the outbreak, we stopped dispatching and needed to receive a refund. You add our manual passenger service QQ.
Hello. I'm sorry to keep you here for a few minutes. In accordance with the latest State policy, you are eligible for reimbursement of tax on the purchase of a car and are able to benefit from the tax reimbursement policy. You need to follow my instructions to get tax refunds on the nearest ATM.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. I'm talking business now. I need to pay a down payment. Because I can't just give him the money, so I'll give it to you as soon as I can and you'll give it to him.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Luxembourg telecommunications passenger. Your home phone is in arrears for $50 and is about to be shut down. I'll send you a link by which you can finish the renewal.
Is this Ms. Zhang? Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. Let's talk to the lady. It won't be nice to say it. It won't affect him. All those arrested last night have been released on bail, and you see this procedure?
Xiao Liu. The city director sent me a transfer to him. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting. You can help me with this.
Sorry to bother you, ma'am, but I'm an officer of the Air Mansion Air Service of Guangxi Autonomous Region. Your flight has been eliminated due to mechanical failure. Now there's a specialized staff working on the claims. I'll connect your phone to him.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is an artificial guest at the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought before? Do you want to cooperate with us in a return visit?
Hello, I work for the National Tax Administration. As a result of the country’s latest guidelines, the properties you have previously acquired are now subject to a preferential tax return policy. You need to work with me on face recognition.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Haidian police station in Beijing. Your identity information was used to misappropriate funds. You need to download a public security application for an information note.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. There's a claim in your name. We've arranged for someone to direct you to the extraction.
Hello, this is Shandong Communications Department. A mobile phone card was processed in Shandong province using your identity information and used this mobile phone number to defraud Shanghai citizens of their property in Beijing. If you didn't open this number yourself, you need to tell the Beijing City Public Security.
Hello, I work for the Guizhou Public Security Bureau. Your nucleic acid tests are problematic. You need to get to the nearest police station.
Little King. I had a new bank card. You'll have to call this card later, please.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. There's a claim in your name that hasn't been issued. I can connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, Zhang Jing. I'm the Wang teacher of the Department. I'll give you an account for the farm club. I need to pay this account, but I can't do it now. I'll give you an account number, you can turn up here.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Because of the outbreak, we stopped the dispatch and needed a refund. I need you to add to our manual passenger service.
Just call me in the treasure suit. Tell me I've been buying shampoo and cadmium overrated. Let me download an e-mail session, open the screen and then show me how to get my own settlement.
Excuse me for a few minutes. This is a guest dress at the Yaslanda Flag. How about the lipstick you bought at our flag store a while ago? I'd like to make a return visit.
It's time for the sixth grade so soon. How are you? Do you have a way to buy the real question?
Hello, is Liu? The town council member sent me a transfer to him. Because the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I don't want to transfer him cash.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. The State has recently developed guidelines and the houses you buy are now easier to benefit from tax rebates on car purchases. You need to work with me on face recognition.
Hello, I'm a member of the Beijing Public Security Service. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to prove your innocence at the police station in town by 6:00 this afternoon.
Hello, this is Jilin's CDC. People in Changchun City report that a cell phone number in your name has been calling harassing telephones, causing great distress to the population. If you do not handle it yourself, you need to report it to the Jilin police station.
Zhang Yi. Think about it. You don't want to live. If you want to live, you'll be saved.
Excuse me, Ms. Chang, this is from the City Public Security Bureau. Your son-in-law was among the whores we caught last night. If you want to bail him out, you'll have to pay $30,000.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office of the Embassy of Niger. In the course of the case, the domestic police found a criminal group trafficking in personal information using your passport. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 before you can be arrested.
Excuse me, but this is the office of Yellowstone Control in Hubei Province. We have a fast track for nucleic acid testing. I'll send you a link, and you'll be able to do the online booking when you get inside.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest at Kyoto Wallet. Your university has opened a loan account, but now the State policy needs to cancel the user base. If you do not cancel, your name will be registered on the good faith list, so now you need to add a little bit of our message, and you will be guided by a specialized person.
Hello, I'm Martinique Telegraph. Your home network service is about to expire. I'll send you a link through which you can finish the maintenance.
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an oversold passenger. The date of the milk you bought has been revised, and it's time to double the amount. I'm really sorry. You need to pay compensation by adding a QQ of our dedicated staff.
Sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy. This reminds you of the declaration of health. Otherwise, you could be deported.
Hello, this is the Senegalese health service. This reminds you of the declaration of health. Otherwise, there is a risk of being forcibly returned to the country.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm a guest at the credit card office. There's a high-value credit card adjunct for our company that's fast. If you're interested in this business, you'll need a $1,000 down payment.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of our office staff's fault. It'll pay you twice. We're going to pay for it in the form of a settlement, and you need to add a little credit.
It's time for the sixth grade so soon. How's it going? Do you know where to book it back online? There's no time to practice.
A man called me today and said that he was a guest at the Education Examination Institute. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. I'll write a link for my booking.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for DHL International Express Ltd., Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. We checked a delivery package that was sent to you by mail and seemed to contain prohibited items. If you want to prove that this delivery is not yours, you need to tell the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region police.
Hello, staff from the National Tax Center. In accordance with the guidelines recently issued by the State, the cars that you have bought now enjoy preferential tax refunds. If you don't know exactly what you're doing, you'll have to go to the ATM in the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm very sorry that your courier was lost due to a leak from our office, and we'll pay you back. Can you add my qq for further operations?
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an artificial guest at the Education Examinations Institute. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. I can add my tweets.
Hello, it's me. It's me who's just meeting a comrade in charge. I need to give the leader something to do. I need some cash. I have to pay.
Hello, I work for the Beijing CDC station. In Hong Kong, someone used your identity information to receive a mobile phone card and used this phone number to steal money from Shanghai citizens in Beijing. It is now necessary for you to go to Hong Kong's police station and take care of the report forms to prove that these violations were not committed by you.
Hello, I'm a treasure hunter. I'm really sorry about the quality of the lipstick you bought the other time, but you'll be paid twice as much. Now we need to add a nail number to facilitate the return operation.
Hello, I work for the Epidemic Control Station in Jiangjin District. According to big data, there is a intersection between your journey and the confirmed cases. A short message link is sent to you. You need to fill in your personal information to update your current information.
Liu Xiu right. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. I'll report you to your community.
Hey, Chang San, it's Zou Nam, your mentor. I'll give you a bank account. I need to cash this bank account, but I can't do it now. I'll give you a credit union account.
Hello, I work for the Beijing City Communications Authority. A mobile phone card was used in Jiangsu province to receive your identity information and used this mobile phone number to deceive Shanghai residents. If you do not do it yourself, you need to prove to the Beijing City Police that you did not send these messages.
Hello, this is the office of the public security department of the city of Beijing. You are currently wanted on the Intranet of the Ministry of Public Security. A public security program needs to be downloaded to complement our operations.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm in a tremor suit. Our employees are not careful to get your information wrong, and your personal seller's application was changed to an agent's application. This service will be facilitated only if you ask for communication with the staff of the NGO and obtain a letter of return.
Hello, sir. I'm a guest at Wattue. We have the real question of the English 4th grade, if you need it. You can finish your appointment by writing the link you sent.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an officer at the credit card office. Our institution has recently introduced a high credit card processing business, which does not require excessive formalities. A down payment of $1,000 is required for the disposal of this business.
Hello? I told you there was a chalk exam. Tell me they have the real question of the English 4th grade. Let me write the links he spread to me.
Hello, I'm from the Communications Department. We received reports from the public that you were suspected of spreading false Chinese text messages in violation of the law, thereby deceiving the public. If you do not do so yourself, you need to make it clear to the Beijing Metropolitan Police that you did not send these messages.
It's me, can you hear me? I'm looking for the leader to do something, so I need to give a gift to the Commissioner. Can you lend me some cash?
Hello, I'm Yangtze Securities. There's a certain trend in inside information, and you'll make a fortune. I'll send you a link, and you click in and complete your personal information, and you'll finish the online booking.
Someone called me today and said it was a chalk examination. Tell me they have the real question of the fourth grade and ask me if I want to buy it. It spreads me a link, it looks like blackmail.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office officer at the credit card debut. There's a very good high credit card adjunct for you, and it's offline and fast. A handling fee of $1,000 is required for this operation.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Housing Authority. According to the latest national policy, you will be taxed for house purchases. If you do not know the details of your retreat, you will need to go to the ATM in the vicinity on my instructions.
What are you doing? I've just been conned. Someone called me and said it's a Manchuria. Tell me they have the real question of the English 4th grade. Send me a link to get in and perfect your personal information so that you can finish the online booking.
Hey, it's Zhang Fong. I'm your class teacher Zou Nam. I'm having a little trouble, and I need you to give me a transfer. I'll give you an account number, you can turn up here.
Hello? I told you there was a Chinese public exam. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. It can be booked by writing my own information in the link he spread to me.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Hungarian telecommunications customer. Your cable's out of charge. It's going to be forced to shut down. You have to give me information about your head of household, so that you can make a living.
Hello, this is the office of the Public Security Department of the Haidian District of Beijing. As illegals use your identity documents to transfer stolen money, you are currently wanted by the Public Security Bureau online. We need to download a police app to match our operation.
Is this Zhang Ting? I'm Zou Nam. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. You can't help me with the money.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office of the Embassy of Azerbaijan. A person who stole your identity information and ran away with the credit card at the NGO and is currently under arrest at the airport in Shanghai. The Azerbaijani Embassy is now required by law to return you to your country and take you to the Shanghai police station for a statement.
Your name is Wang Chun. I've got details of you and your family, and I've been thinking about what you've done lately. You're really finished, and if you ever want to get better, give me $30,000 in the bank account.
You remember the student loan. Remember to cancel the account if it is finished. To prevent outlaws from using our information to do bad things.
Hello, I work for the Department of Human Welfare. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. I can connect you to the Treasury, and he will guide you in detail.
I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am. I work for Tianjin Air Services. The bad weather these last two days caused your flight to be cancelled. We need to be informed of credit union cards and the Carnet balance to facilitate the refund of airline tickets and compensation. In order to guide you in your operation, it is recommended that we keep talking.
Hello, excuse me. This is the British Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to handle the case and inform the Henan Public Security Department within two hours.
Hi, honey. Sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really sorry that you have a package here that seems to have been lost by our staff. You will need to download the information session, which we will use to communicate, so that I can show you how to compensate.
Hello, this is Beijing City Police. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. If this has nothing to do with you, you'll have to come to the police station in town this afternoon by 6:00.
Can you hear me? It's me. I'm going to meet a comrade of our leaders this afternoon, and then I'll give him a gift. Would you please use your card to help me transfer some cash?
Hello, Zhang San class. I'm a teacher at the Department of Education. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. I'll give you an account number. You can turn up here.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Your delivery's gone. I'm really sorry. We'll pay you back. We have arranged for you a specialized compensation staff to be added to the compensation qq for a specific compensation operation.
Zhang Ting. We're friends on the street. You offended a year ago. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Public Security Department of Fujianningde. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. We need to download a police software to match our operations.
Xiao Liu. The city council member asked me to transfer a bill to him. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting right now. I'll turn around.
Let me tell you something, I suspect I've been conned. I just got a call calling myself a Skycat. My lipstick tested the quality of heavy metals such as mercury. Let me download an info-writing session, open the screen and give him guidance on how to collect my own compensation.
Hello, this is the Pudu Epidemic Control Station. We've got a new nine-price vaccine here, and we're rich in resources. If you want, fill in a link to you to book online.
Hello, I'm the surveillance center in the starry zone. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. Can you write a link to you for a while?
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. I'm a staff member at the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? Do you want to cooperate with us in a return visit?
Hello, IRS staff. According to the State's recently introduced approach, you are entitled to tax refunds for car purchases. I'll send you a dynamic password later. You send me a dynamic password. I need to check your identity.
I'm sorry to bother you, honey. I'm a customer after handouts. I'm really sorry that you have purchased pork chops, which have been tested and found to be exceeding the level of microorganisms. We've arranged for you to have a designated claimant who will need you to add a nail to the settlement for a specific compensation operation.
Hey, I'm an ant gold suit. The State does not allow students to register for the relevant loans, and your request for information is cancelled. You can add our off-the-book nail, and he'll show you how to cancel.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. Did you apply for a medical reimbursement in the previous period? I can connect you to the Treasury. He'll guide you in detail.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police department of the Haidian district of Beijing. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow of our system here shows a problem with your travel code. We need you to get to the nearest police station as soon as possible.
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? I need you to do me a favor right now. The mayor of town asked me to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it right now. Because I can't just transfer money to him, so I'll give you the cash and you'll transfer it to him.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial passenger at Hayton Securities. Our company recently found a good stock, and it's going very well. If you're interested, you can order the link I've distributed to you for the booking.
Hello, I work for the Hainan Police Force. The currents of our system indicate that you are in close contact with confirmed cases. If you have no problems with your own travel, it will take two hours for you to arrive at the designated public security station to state the situation.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a quick payer. Because a lot of customers over the previous period had reported bad conditions, we found that the product had exceeded the cyanide standard, and we'll double your compensation. If we return the money, we'll need you to open a commercial reserve.
Hello, I work for the Public Security Department of MSAR. The flow of our system on this side shows a problem with your process code. Now you need to get to the nearest public security officer to verify your information.
Hello, I work for the Kyodong Financial Loan. In accordance with the State regulation policy, students are not allowed to borrow financially and are required to change their identity information to non-students, without prejudice to the creditworthiness of the later period. You're now asking for our nails to be added. There'll be someone special to guide you on how to cancel.
Excuse me, ma'am, for a few minutes. I'm Heilongjiang Provincial Airlines. Your flight was cancelled because of the weather. Our policy in this regard is limited by the need to know the customer's bank account before paying off.
Hello? Is this Lee Hui? I'm your high school math teacher. I'm in a hurry. I need to give you a credit union bank account. I'll give you an account number. You can turn up here.
Hello, this is the staff of the anti-fouling station. We've got a new nine-price vaccine here, and we're rich in resources. If you want, write a link to you to book online.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a few minutes late. I've got a couple of tickets in hand for the previous period. You can click the link I sent you to expand the reservation.
Zhang Ting right. Think of Li's guilt. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
Hello, I'm Beijing Air's artificial passenger service. Your flight was sold for weather reasons. Our policy provides for the need to know the customer ' s bank account to receive repayments.
Hello, I work for the tax office. The State has recently issued a policy that makes it easier for you to buy a car and tax refund. If you do not know the details of your retreat, you will need to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Liu Na. It's you on the picture. Do as I say if you don't leak the photo.
Hello, customer. I work at the Central Station. I'm really sorry that your package on our side seems to have been lost by our staff, and we'll triple your compensation. You're gonna need a nail to the office we assigned to settle.
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. We've got a specialist on your side.
How much did you borrow in undergraduate? If it's not finished, log in every month. I'm afraid we'll steal it.
Hello, is Liu? I need you to do me a favor right now. I've been asked by the city's leader to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it right now. Please pay for this as soon as possible. I'm in a meeting.
Your name is Liu Yan. I'm calling to inform you that I have your private photos. Do as I say if you don't leak the photo.
I'm Zou Nan, the counselor. I'm in a bit of a hurry, but I don't need your help with the transfer. If it's convenient for you now, maybe you could help me with the money.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the staff of the Embassy of Sao Tome and Principe. Passports that are handled with information in your capacity are suspected of being illegal. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 before you can be arrested.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. There's a medical claim on the system that you haven't paid. You need to add a message from our Treasury staff to extract the details he'll tell you.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the DMV staff. According to the latest State policy, you are eligible for a tax refund on the purchase of a car and are entitled to a tax reimbursement policy. You need to go to the ATM in the vicinity, as I told you.
I'm Zou Nan, the teacher. Now I'm in a bit of trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. Can you help me with the money?
Your name is Zhang Hui. You'd better get out of Twitter now. I'll report you to your community.
Hello, this is the officer of the Public Security Subdirectorate of the Autonomous District of Bain Guango Mongolia, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. You are suspected of transferring stolen funds and are currently wanted on the inside of the police station. You need to prove your innocence at the police station in town by 6:00 this afternoon.
Hello, this is the officer of the Togolese health sector. It is necessary to provide a precautionary bond to a particular bank account. You'll have bad credit records.
Liu Xiu right. Did you want to come and play? I can't guarantee the consequences.
Excuse me. This is the DMV office. The State has recently issued a policy whereby the public you buy is now entitled to tax refunds for car purchases. I'll give you a dynamic password later. You send me the code. I need to check your identity.
Hello, I work for the IRS. As a result of the latest relevant State policy, the properties you purchased in the previous period now enjoy a preferential tax refund. To help you get your tax refunds done as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine in the nearest agricultural service to do what I need.
Hello, this is the School Loan Center. As a result of national policy, the loan account that you opened under your section needs to be cancelled. Your account must have been cancelled in time.
I'm sorry to bother you. Hi. I work for the Hong Kong Police Department. People in Hong Kong report that one of your cell phone numbers is always calling harassment calls, causing a great deal of trouble to residents. The Public Security Directorate is required to fax this matter to the Communications Administration.
Hello, I'm a staff member of Eastern Securities. We've recently found a good stock. It tends to be good. I'll spread you a link, and you can get in there and fix your personal information and make an online reservation.
I'm a teacher at the Department of Education. I'm having a bit of a problem, and I need your help with the cash. If it's convenient now, you'd better help me with the money.
Hello, I'm Kyoto staff. The new college student intern's operation has been lost and you've handled the broker business. After today, the service starts to be withheld, and I can help you transfer the service and stop it.
What are you doing? I've just been conned. Someone called me and said it's a hand-carriage. Tell me that there was a problem of chemical content over-alignment in a batch of pink cakes inspected by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the cosmetics that I had purchased in the previous period were in the same batch, so now they need to be recalled. Let me download an e-mail session, open the screen, and then he shows me how to get my own compensation.
A man called me today and said it was an artificial guest at the Watt Examinations Agency. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. It can be bought by clicking on a link he sent me to expand the online appointment.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. There's the secret question of the fourth grade, if you want. If you want, you can order online by clicking on the link you sent.
Mrs. Zhang, this is from the police station of the city of Beijing. Your son-in-law was arrested yesterday for prostitution. Let's talk to the lady. It's hard to hear. It's not good for everyone. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of the Central Service. I'm really sorry that you have something here that seems to have been lost by our staff, and we'll triple your compensation. Will you add my QQQ to further settlement?
What are you doing? I told you, I'm in the middle of blackmail and told me that he works at the Enlightened Education Examination. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. If I want to buy it, you can click on the link sent to me to start the online booking.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest at Watarina Securities. We have a movement of insider information. I'll spread a link to you, and you'll finish your online appointment.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. I'm a Guyanese telecommunications passenger. Your cable TV is already in arrears and is about to be forced to shut down. We need to check your head of household's information so we can continue the fee.
Hello, I work at the Qianyang Epidemic Control Centre. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. I'll send you a link, and you click in and complete your personal information, and you'll finish the online booking.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. As a result of the State's latest guidelines, the property you have previously acquired is now eligible for ex gratia tax. If you don't know exactly what you're going to do, you need to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, customer. I'm Kyoto staff. We'll double your settlement. So now you need to open the paying treasure and then add me to this account.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. We checked that a delivery package sent to you seemed to contain prohibited items. You need to get to the town by 6 p.m. this afternoon.
Excuse me, but this is a staff member of the epidemiological centre in Zhikaze, Tibet Autonomous Region. We have a fast track for nucleic acid tests. You'll fill in the links you'll spread to finish the appointment.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Housing Authority. According to the latest national policy, you are eligible for reimbursement of tax on the purchase of housing. You'll have to go to the ATM in the vicinity, as I instructed you.
Ms. Zhang, this is the director of the police station of the Ministry of Public Security of the city. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. If he's to be released on bail, it's gonna be $30,000.
Hello, this is Copper Hill's Epidemic Control Station. We have a fast path to the results of the nucleic acid. If you want, enter a link for your dissemination to book online.
Xiao Liu. I have just agreed on a project, and now there is a need to pay each other a down payment as soon as possible. Because I can't cash him directly, so I'm going to transfer the cash to you and you're going to transfer it to him.
Hello, this is Chanel's flagship service. Our employees accidentally misdirected your information, and your personal seller's application was changed to an agent's vendor application. You need to communicate with the OCC and get a letter of return to cancel the service.
I'm a treasure hunter. As a result of the staff's fault, you've been asked to open the Alliance without your permission. I'll connect you to your usual bank card.
Damn it, I told you there was a kyoto to call me. Tell me that there was a problem of chemical excess in a batch of pink cakes inspected by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the off-coup water that I had previously bought was in this batch, so it now needs to be recalled. Allow me now to add the words of their hospitality, after which he will lead me to a settlement.
Little King, I'm the landlord. Please deposit the rent on my lover's farm card. I'll use this card to collect your rent.
Hello, I work at the school loan station. As a result of the national approach, the accounts of the lending bank that you have opened under this section need to be written off. Don't forget to cancel this account.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a hand-carrying member of Kyoto's wallet. If you wish to cancel your loan account, it will affect your credit investigation. The write-off measures require the issuance of the first message, “cancellation operations”, in the form of a letter of credit, to the technicians who take over from us.
Hi, I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. This is the officer at the epidemiological check-up in Lanzhou. We have a fast track for nucleic acid detection. If you're in a hurry, you can make an offer.
Hello, I'm the middle station service. The delivery you bought at the previous time was lost in transit, and the company will refund you the original price. Could you add my QQueen for further operation?
Hello, this is the British Embassy. In the course of the case, the domestic police found that a criminal group trafficking in personal information used your passport. You are required to help with the case and inform the Ministry of Public Security in Beijing within two hours.
Hello, I'm the after-sales service station. As a result of the outbreak, we stopped dispatching and needed to receive a refund. You need to download the plaque. We'll use the plaque to communicate, so I can show you how it works.
I wasn't even ready for this English 4th grade. How's it going? Do you know where you can book it online? There's no time to practice.
What are you doing? I'm telling you, I've been conned and told that he works at the Enlightened Education Institute. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. Let me enter the link he sent me.
Hello, is Liu? We've got a project to close, and we need to make a quick cash transfer to the city's comrades. Can I transfer this cash to you and you transfer it to him?
Hello. Excuse me. This is the Embassy of Kazakhstan. A passport issued with your identity card is suspected of illegal entry. You need to add my office nails now, and I can help you with your problem now.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is a civilian police officer from the Taiwan Qandong County Police Department, and I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. Now you need to get to the security department in the nearest four to find out if your information is correct.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Greek telecommunications passenger. Your fixed-line phone is in arrears for $50. It's about to be shut down. We need to verify the information about your head of household and therefore renew the fee.
I'm telling you, I suspect I've been subjected to extortion, and I just got a call calling from an artificial client claiming to be a Chinese public examination body. Tell me it's almost the fourth grade. Ask me if I need a fourth grade. If I want to buy it, I can click on the extension line that spreads it to me.
Hello, this is a guest at the Yaslanda Flag. You used to buy a lipstick in our house. I don't know how you feel about it. The real feedback from the buyers we bought before is important to us.
Hello, this is the National Revenue Service. The State has recently issued a policy whereby the public who buys them will now benefit from tax refunds. If you don't know exactly what you're doing, you'll have to go to the ATM in the vicinity on my instructions.
Hello, this is China Health. The risks of the recent epidemic are high and local students need to declare their health in a timely manner. You will face detention or deportation.
Mrs. Chang, this is the City Police. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. If you don't want a lot of people to know, you'll have to pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
Hello, this is the Chinese Express Service. I'm sorry to inform you that your delivery's missing. I'm so sorry. We're gonna triple. We are about to pay our compensation in the form of a settlement, and you need to add a little credit.
Hello, it's me. I now have an appointment with a member who needs to be assigned to the leadership. Need to transfer cash through your credit card.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy staff. Passports in your capacity are suspected of committing an offence. We are now returning you to your country in accordance with the law and sending you to the public security department in Beijing for a statement.
A man called me today and said it was half a month to talk about the manual service of the examination body. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. If I want to buy it, I can click on the link that I'm spreading for online booking.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a quick fixer. Because of the quality of the lipstick you have purchased and the many complaints you have received, it is now up to you to settle the original price. You'll have a code later. You'll need to send me the dynamic code.
Is this Ms. Zhang? Your son-in-law was among the whores we caught last night. It's not a good thing. If you want a lot of people to know, pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
Hello? I told you there was a vibrator service calling me. Tell me that there was a problem of chemical excess in a batch of cosmetics inspected by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the offloading water that I had purchased was in the same batch, so now it needs to be recalled. Now they're going to have to call back the problem product and pay for it.
Ms. Zhang, this is the head of the police station of the Metropolitan Police. Your son-in-law was among those we caught last night. You'll get 30,000 bucks as soon as you can.
Your name is Zhang Hui. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. I'll put you in the big paper at your school.
Xiao Liu. I've just agreed on a project and now I need to pay the down payment. I'm in a meeting. It's not convenient.
Hello, I work for the Beijing CDC station. Some people in Beijing used your identity information to receive a mobile phone card and used it to steal money from Shanghai citizens in Beijing. It is now necessary for you to go to the Beijing Gate Trench police station and dispose of the report of the crime, proving that you did not commit the offence.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest of Amazon's. I'm calling you because. Many customers have reported poor conditions since they were used, and we'll settle your claims after the test is for excess lead. You need to add a nail to our client's suit. He'll guide you to the refund.
Hello, I'm the center of Central Express. I'm really, really sorry, because we lost your courier because of the downside of the station's staff. You will need to add a credit card to our dedicated staff for compensation.
Hello, I'm a passenger at the Yaslanda Flag. You've bought a lipstick pen in our house before, and you don't know how you feel about it. Would you mind cooperating with us on a return visit?
This is a staff member of the Beijing City Public Security Bureau. The currents of our system show that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. Now you need to get to the security forces in the vicinity to verify that your information is correct.
Liu Lin. I've got details of you and your family, and I've been thinking about what you've done lately. Now somebody's paying you to look good, give me $30,000 in cash if you want to save your life.
What are you doing, I tell you, I've been conned. Tell me he's a Skycat. Tell me that a box of membranes that I bought the previous time was allergic to many people who now demand a recovery and triple payment to my Kyoto wallet. Now they have to call back the problem product and pay for it.
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. I'll connect you to the Treasury. He'll guide you in detail.
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Social Welfare Department. Here's a medical claim you haven't paid. We've arranged for someone to guide you.
Zhang San right. You better get out of Twitter right away. I can't guarantee the consequences.
Hello, this is the police of the Ministry of Public Security of MSAR. Your trajectory intersects with one of our confirmed cases. I need you to brief the nearest public security department as soon as possible.
Hello, it's me. I'm looking for the Commissioner to do something, so I need to give the leader a present. Can you turn me around as soon as possible?
Sorry to bother you. This is the staff of the Danish Embassy. Your identity information was stolen from a credit union and absconded with this card, which is currently under arrest at the airport in Shanghai. If you want to be clean, you must transfer to this account, indicating that your bank account is unrestricted.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of the credit card agent. There's a very good high credit card adjunct for you, and it's off-the-shelf and fast. A down payment of $1,000 is required for the disposal of this business.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. How did you feel about the lips pen you bought before? The real feedback from the customers who bought it before is important to us.
Hello, this is the officer of the Embassy of Solomon Islands. A passport issued with your identity card is suspected of being illegal. You will be forcibly returned by the Embassy and blacklisted by the immigration authorities.
Ms. Zhang, this is the head of the police station of the Metropolitan Police. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. If you want to bail him out, you'll have to pay $30,000.
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I'm with the National Revenue Service. According to the latest national policy, you can receive a tax refund for the purchase of a car. If you don't know the details of the retreat, you'll have to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Me, me! In doing so, I had an interim meeting with a member of the Board of Directors, who needed to be provided with a courtesy. I need some cash. I have to pay.
Can you hear me? It's me. It's me who's just meeting a comrade in charge. I need to do something for the leader. Need to transfer money through your credit card.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of Central Station Services. I'm really sorry, but it looks like our staff lost your package on our side, and we'll triple your payback. We have arranged for you to have a designated compensation officer to be added to the compensation qq for a specific settlement.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the public security department of the Ali region of Tibet. You are currently wanted by the Public Security Bureau on the Internet because the outlaws use your identity card to transfer the stolen money. We need to download a police software to match our operations.
You're Liu Na, right? You're in trouble. We're out of business, and we're usually clean with money.
Hello, this is the Chadian health sector. The risks of the recent epidemic are high and local students need to declare their health in a timely manner. You will face detention or deportation.
Hello, I'm Skycat's guest. I'm really sorry that the date of the beverage you bought has been modified, and it's time to double the amount. You need to add a micro-credit to the office that we specialize in.
Sorry to bother you. This is the school lending department. Thanks to the 19 major new approaches, the loan bank account that you opened at the undergraduate level needs to be cancelled. Your account must be written off in time.
I'm sorry to bother you, but here's the epidemiological check-up. Because of our cooperation with the nucleic acid inspection agency, we have a fast track for nucleic acid inspection. I'll send you a link, and you click in to improve your personal information so you can finish the online booking.
Hello, is this Liu Na? I'm Teacher Zhang of the Department. Your class's tuition fees have not been paid. We're close to the deadline for payment of material fees. Just turn it around.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. There's a medical claim that belongs to you that has not yet been paid. I'll connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, this is Chanel's flagship. Your personal seller's application was changed to a broker's application. You need to communicate with the office staff and get a letter of return to stop this service.
Are you Ms. Cheung? I'm from the City Police. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. If you want to bail him out, you'll have to pay $30,000.
I'm not even ready for this English 4th grade. I'd like to get some real questions from an examination agency. Do you know where you can order the real question online? There's no time to practice.
Hello, I'm a Costa Rican telecommunications guest. Your cable service has expired and is now in a state of default, so it will be forced to shut down. You need to give me the name of the head of household so I can verify the information.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Your delivery is missing. I'm really sorry. We'll pay you back. We are about to pay compensation in the form of a cloud, and you need to add my QQ.
Hello, this is Shandong CDC. People in the city report that one of your cell phone numbers has been calling the harassment number, which has caused considerable trouble to the population. In order to prevent parking, you need to clarify this matter with the public security authorities as soon as possible.
Hello, this is a May agent calling you to tell you. I don't know if you want tickets for their fan meeting. You'll click the link I sent you to book.
Someone just called me and said it was Skycat. Tell me that the shampoo heavy metal element I bought earlier exceeded the standard. Let me download an e-mail session, open the screen, and then show me how to get my own compensation.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Beijing Public Security Department. You are currently wanted by the Public Security Bureau on the Internet because the outlaws use your identity card to transfer the stolen money. If this has nothing to do with you, you have to come to the town police station this afternoon by 6:00.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. The system shows that you have a medical claim that has not yet been paid. I'll connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, I work at the British Embassy. The passport you dispose of is suspected of illegal entry. We are now sending you back to your country in accordance with the law and sending you to Fujian Public Security for a statement.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Finnish Embassy staff. This reminds you of your health status. Otherwise, you could be deported.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an Amazon carrier. The eye patch you bought last month found that the cream caused a composition problem and the Bureau of Commerce and Industry needed double compensation. Now you need to open up the money to pay the treasure, and we'll double your settlement through this channel.
Zhang. Think about it. Now someone's paying you to look good, give me $30,000 if you want to save your life.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm with the National Tax Center. According to the latest national policy, you are eligible for reimbursement of tax on car purchases. You need to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Mr. Wang, I'm a teacher at the Department of Education. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. I'll send you the cash to this credit union account. Thank you.
Are you Liu Yi? We're from the criminal police force of the city of Jilin. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. If you don't want a lot of people to know about this, pay $30,000 bail as soon as possible.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. This is the staff of the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? We want to visit you back.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at the National Securities Corporation. There's a certain trend in the information in the stock, which will guarantee you a lot of money. If you are interested, click the link I sent you for an appointment.
I work for Beijing Airlines. Your flight was stopped because of the weather. Now there's a special pay-as-you-go. I'll transfer your phone to him.
Liu Yan right. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. I'll report you to your community.
Hi, honey. I'm Amazon. I'm sorry to bother you. The membranes you bought last month were examined and found that the membranes have composition problems, and the Bureau of Commerce and Industry needs double the amount. If we return the money, we'll need you to open a commercial reserve to pay for the treasure.
Hello, I work for the Kyodong Financial Loan. Adjustments to the national governance approach now do not allow students to borrow financially and require that student identification information be changed to non-students, which would affect the credit credibility of the later period. Now you need to add our tweets, and there will be specialists to guide you on how to write off.
This account is yours. Your private photos are on my side. Do as I say if you don't leak the photo.
Hello, I'm Chinese Express. The box you bought broke and we'll pay you back. If you want to make amends, you need to add my QQ, which I can do to guide you on the way forward.
Call Zhang Jing. You better get out of Twitter immediately. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police station of the South Tibetan Autonomous District of Qinghai. There's a problem with your nucleic acid tests. Now you need to go to a nearby police station to verify your information.
Hello, I'm a treasure hunter. I'm sorry to inform you that your earlier purchase of proselytized ham, which was examined to show that the microbiological content exceeded the standard, requires an award. Can you add my nails for further operation?
Hello, this is the British Embassy. Passports disposed of in your capacity are suspected of illegal entry. We shall now return you to your country in accordance with the law and send you to the Henan Public Security Department for a statement.
Hello, this is the credit card demarche. There's a high-value credit card adjunct for our company that's fast. You need a down payment of $1,000 to handle this business.
Hello, I work for the Egyptian Embassy. I'm calling to inform you that you are not allowed to enter the country because of the fraud. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 in order not to be arrested.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a popular guest. The steak you bought in the previous period cannot be distributed due to the epidemic. You will need to download the information session, which we will use to communicate, so that I can show you how it works.
Hey, I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member of the Amazon manual guest service. We added you to the list of agents of our shop because of the errors of the college interns. You have to sell this yourself at the credit union. Otherwise the service will be withheld.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a telecommunication passenger in the Netherlands Antilles. Your home network service is about to expire. You'll have to tell me about the head of your family, so you can make a continuation.
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger in an ant gold suit. When you are in university, you borrow from a student, and in accordance with national restrictions, the graduates request that the account be cancelled. We need you to download a software that will guide you through the software.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm here to call you because of the valtu exam. We have the real question of the English 4th grade, if you need it. I'll add my tweets.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an artificial customer at Skycat and Business City, and I'd love to call you. Because of our misdirection, your Skycat bank account information was inadvertently miscalculated as a member of Skycat International. We need you to stop this right now through the bank's emergency passage.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a customer after Skycat. The date when you bought the milk was revised and now you need to be compensated twice. I'm really sorry. You need to add an additional QQ to the office staff we have designated for compensation.
Honey, hi. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm Kyoto's guest. Following a customs check, the shipment was found to be incompetent and containing too much mercury, and we will double the amount for you as required by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry. Now you need to download a telephonic conference, and I'll show you how to get your own settlement.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. There's a claim in your name that hasn't been issued. I can connect you to the Treasury. He'll direct you.
I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am. I'm a crew member of Hubei Air Transport. Your flight was cancelled because of the weather. You need to tell us your credit card number and the card balance so we can refund your ticket.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. There's a claim in your name that hasn't been issued. We've arranged for a specialist to direct your collection.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. This is the school loan center. The system shows that you have previously made a loan account. Please follow the information issued by the teacher in a timely manner and cancel the account.
Hello, I'm a May agent. I'm trying to tell you. Now I have extra tickets for the concert. If you want to book, enter the link I sent you later to finish the reservation.
Me, me! That is so, I had a temporary appointment with a comrade in charge, who needed to be assigned to the Commissioner. Give me $10,000 in cash.
Hello, it's me. That's what I just met with a board of directors, and I need to do something for the leader. Can you lend me some money as soon as possible?
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. The currents of our system indicate that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. If you have no problems with your own itinerary, it will take two hours for you to arrive at the designated public security office to state the situation.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry, because of the error in our office, your delivery was lost, and you'll be paid twice. We're about to pay compensation through the cloud, and you need to add my qq.
Hello, ma'am. This is Beijing Airlines passenger service. Your flight was cancelled. We have a dedicated staff here to guide you in your repayment, and you need to add his tips.
Hello, I'm the Epidemic Control Department of China City. Your trajectory has been checked to overlap with confirmed cases. If you have not been to any of these places, you will be given an information link that you need to enter to update your current information.
Hello, a few minutes. I'm Central Securities. Recently, our company found a good fund. It's going very well. I'll send you a link and you click in to perfect your personal information so you can finish the online booking.
Hello, this is a civilian police officer from the Ningxia Police Station. The flow shows that your process code is in trouble. We need you to get to the police force in the vicinity as soon as possible.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Liuzhou Epidemic Control Department. Your itinerary shows you're in close touch. You need to complete the online link within an hour to verify your trajectory.
I'm a staff member of the Beijing Public Security Department, and I'm calling because of you. There's a problem with your nucleic acid sample. Now you need to get to the Ministry of Public Security in the nearest four to find out if your information is correct.
Are you Zhang Hui? We're with the Public Security Department of Lake Han, Anhui Province. Your son-in-law was arrested yesterday for prostitution. Let's talk to the lady. It's hard to hear. It's not good for everyone. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. We stopped sending for you because of the outbreak. You need to download the telecommunication meeting. We can use the telecommunication meeting to communicate, so I can show you how it works.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a taser. The customer has responded that the product has exceeded mercury levels, so now we're in business to take back the product and pay you $1,000. The Ministry of Commerce and Industry needs us to carry out the recall of problematic products and the award of price-saving compensation to consumers.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Dynamite Control Station. Our big data show that your journey overlaps with confirmed cases, and we suspect that you are in close contact. If you have not been to the above-mentioned place, a text message link is sent to you. You need to enter personal information to update your current information.
Just call Zhang Ting. You better get out of Twitter. If you don't be famous at your school.
Hello, this is the Yaslanda Flag. How about the lipstick you bought at our flagship store a while ago? We want to visit you back.
Hello, I'm the after-sales service. I'm sorry to inform you that the pork chops you purchased earlier, which have been detected as exceeding the level of microbes, require reimbursement. You need to add the micro-credit of the staff we specialize in compensation to settle claims.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work at the British Embassy. This reminds you of the declaration of health. You'll face detention or deportation.
Are you Ms. Chang? This is the City Public Security Department. Your son-in-law was among those we caught last night. It's a bad thing. If you don't want a lot of people to know, pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
I just got a call from a guy who said it was a customer service for the Education Examinations. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. Can book by clicking on the link he sent me.
Hello, this is the staff of the Israeli Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 in order not to be arrested.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office of the Congolese Embassy. The call is to inform you that you are currently unable to enter the country because of the fraud. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 before you can be arrested.
Xiao Liu. The mayor of the town told me to transfer him a bill. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting. I'm gonna need you to help me with this. I'll turn around.
Hey, Zhang Hui, it's Zou Nam, your tutor. I'm in a hurry. I need to give you a bank account. If it's convenient for you now, help me with the cash.
Hello, I'm the landlord. My credit card wasn't used before, and a new credit card. Remember to transfer your rent to this card.
I'm sorry to delay you for a few minutes. Owing to the national approach, the borrowing account opened by your Section needs to be written off. Do not forget to cancel this account.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office of the City Telecommunications Authority of Shanxi. People in Taiwon City report that a cell phone number in your name has been calling harassing telephones, causing great distress to the population. If you do, all cell phone numbers in your name will be shut down. If you don't, you have to go to the police station.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm Skycat's customer service. I'm really, really sorry about the quality of the lipstick you bought earlier, and it'll be twice as good as you want. The Ministry of Commerce and Industry demands that we undertake the recall of problematic products and the payment of damages to consumers.
Liu Yan. We now have a project to close, which requires a cash transfer to the town council. Can I transfer this money to you and you can transfer it to him.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese telecommunications passenger. Your home phone is already due $50. It's about to be shut down. I'll send you a link that allows you to complete the continuation.
Hello, I'm a Belgian telecommunications guest. Your cable's in arrears, and you're about to be forced to shut down. You have to give me information about your head of household, so that you can make a living.
Ms. Zhang, this is the head of the police station of the Metropolitan Police Brigade. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. Let's talk to the lady. It's hard to hear. It's not good for everyone. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail, and you see this procedure?
Hello, this is Zhejiang DHL International Express Co., calling you because. We have a delivery for you, but this package contains prohibited items. You need to come to the public security department this afternoon by 6 p.m. to say that this delivery has nothing to do with you.
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? We now have a project to close, which requires a quick cash transfer to the municipal leadership. Can I transfer this money to you and you can transfer it to him?
Hello, I'm Kyeongdong Mansion. Owing to the current critical situation of the epidemic, all parcels have now ceased to be distributed and need to be repaid. You download an AP called "Soft-Video" for a refund.
Hello, I'm the after-sale service station. I'm sorry to inform you that the ham you purchased earlier cannot be distributed because of the epidemic. You need to download the teleconference. We can communicate with it so I can show you how it works.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Gansu Public Security Bureau. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. Now you need a link I sent you to update your personal information.
Did you see the English Level 4 exam? You don't have a brush. Do you know where I can make an appointment online? There's no time to practice.
Hello, customers. I'm a few minutes. I'm a few minutes. The customer responded that the heavy metal element of the product was overrated, so now we're in business to take back the product and start paying you $1,000. Could you add QQQ to this?
Hello, I'm Chinese Express. Your delivery's missing. I'm really sorry. We'll pay you back. Please work with us to verify the information.
Hello, is it Aoi Liu? I'm Teacher Zhang of the Department. Your class's tuition fees are still unpaid. One class, one class. Remember to take it.
Hello, this is the staff of the South Tibetan Autonomous District Police in the Qinghai Sea. You are now wanted on the inside of the criminal police force. You need to download a police software to make a statement, and we'll have a specialist to direct you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm in a lot of customer service because... I'm sorry about the drinks you bought the other time, but you've had a diarrhea after a lot of reflections. We'll pay you $100. Would you mind adding my nails for further operation?
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm a customer. I'm a treasure hunter. The customer responded that the arsenic content of the product exceeded the standard, so now we're in business interested in taking back the product and paying you $1,000. Can you put a nail on this?
Hello, is Liu? I need you to do me a favor right now. I've been asked by the town council to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it right now. I'm in a meeting.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from Beijing City Police. Your identity information was used to embezzle funds. You need to download a police application to run the fact sheet, and we'll have a specialist to guide you through.
Little King, I'm the landlord. Please deposit this rent on my beloved's farm card. I'll use this credit card to collect your rent.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm the British Embassy office. I'd like to inform you that you are not allowed to enter or leave the country at this time on suspicion of extortion. The British Embassy is now sending you back to your country in accordance with the law and sending you to Tibet for a statement.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Kim Chang Police Station, Gansu Province. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to update your personal information now by clicking on the link I sent you.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Cypriot telecommunications passenger. Your home network service is about to expire. I'll spread you a link through which you'll finish the renewal.
Liu Na right. You are advised to pay attention to your own statements on social platforms. I'll go report you to your community.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm the guest of the gift. Our employees accidentally misdirected your information, and your personal vendor application was changed to a broker's application. I can connect you to the inside of your usual bank card, and the staff of the credit union will direct you to stop the business.
Hello, I'm a lot of customer service. Because of the outbreak, we stopped sending them, and we need to pay you back. You need to download the teleconference, and we can use it to communicate, so I can show you how it works.
Believe me, I just got a fraudulent phone call, and he claims to be a half-month staff member of the exam institute. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. It is convenient to make an appointment by writing my own information in the link he sent me.
Zhang Jing. I'm calling to inform you that I have your private photos. Scared?
Hello, I'm Chinese Express. The chest of peaches you bought was damaged, and maybe it was broken, and the company will compensate you. Can you add my qq for further operation?
Zhang. Think about it. If you want to settle this, you'll have to transfer me $30,000 in cash.
Hello, a few minutes. I'm the crane wall. Your journey tracks are checked to overlap with confirmed cases. There is a need to check your itinerary and complete the online link within one hour.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy office. A person who stole your identity information from a bank card run by the NGO and absconded with the money of that card was arrested at Pudong Airport, Henan Province. The British Embassy is now required by law to deport you to your country and to send you to the Public Security Department of Henan Province for a statement.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is a hand-carriage at the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought earlier? Do you want to cooperate with us in a return visit?
What are you doing? I'm telling you, I'm in the middle of blackmail. Tell me that a box of membranes I bought earlier was allergic to a lot of people, and now needs to be recycled and three times refunded to my Skycat wallet. Let me put a nail on it and give him a screenshot of the order so I can be paid three times.
Lee Hui. I need you to do me a favor now. The City Commissioner asked me to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it now. Because I can't just transfer the money to him, so I'll transfer it to you as soon as I can and you'll transfer it to him.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. I'm in a meeting. It's not convenient.
Hello, I'm a Togolese telecommunications guest. Your cable service has expired and is in a state of default, so it will be forced to stop. We need to check your head of household's information so we can continue the fee.
Hello, a few minutes. This is everyone's customer manager. See if you're considering buying a house. Do you have a special preference for location?
Sorry to bother you, but this is staff from DHL International Express Ltd., Shanghai. A delivery from your mail seems to contain contraband. If this delivery is not from you, you need to report it to the Guangdong police.
Hello, a few minutes. This is Mayday's agent. I've got a couple of tickets that I've reserved for next month. If you're interested, you'll click on the link I spread to you for booking.
Hello, this is the National Telecommunications Authority staff. We've been informed that your cell phone number is sending out a lot of illegal information. If it is not for you, you need to report the case to the police station of the Ningxia Autonomous Region.
Hello, I'm from the Communications Department. Someone used your I.D. to register a cell phone number in Haidian for Internet fraud. If these unlawful acts were not committed by yourself, the Ministry of Public Security would need to be contacted immediately and the police station would be asked to present the file.
Hello, I'm the Social Welfare Department. There's a medical claim for you. I can connect you to the Treasury. He'll direct you.
I thought you were applying for a student loan. If this is completed, write off the account number. Long-term failure to land accounts would become unsafe.
Hello, I'm a national bond. There's a certain trend in inside information, and you'll make a fortune. You can fill in the link you'll be able to distribute to you later.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a popular guest, because... Because of the outbreak, we stopped dispatching and needed to pay you back. You need to pay compensation with a nail on the staff we've appointed to handle the claims.
Hey, this is a British health worker. As the control of the epidemic requires you to provide a security deposit to the designated bank account. You'll have bad reputation for recording.
Hello, a few minutes. I'll see if you think about it. You're considering which position.
Hello, I'm a May agent. I'm calling to tell you. I don't know if you're interested in their fans' tickets. You can order the link I sent you for an appointment.
Hello, I'm Kyoto Borrower. Because of the policy adopted by the 19th Congress against borrowing from lending platforms to school students, you have asked for the cancellation of your lending account, which, if not, could affect credit investigations. The abolition requires a first message, in the form of a letter of credit, “cancellation of business”.
Hello, this is the staff of the Post-Sales Service at the Yaslanda Flag Shop. How was the lipstick you bought earlier? Would you mind cooperating with us on a return visit?
Hey, it's Zhang Jing. I'm Zou Nam, your class teacher. I'm in a bit of a hurry. I need to give you a credit card for a farmer's bank account. I'll send it back to you on micro-letters. Thank you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm the guest of Kyoto's wallet. If you have to cancel your loan account, it will affect your credit investigation. So please add your qq to help you cancel the student network loan account.
Hello, I'm Zou Nam, your school counselor. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. I'll give you an account number, you can turn up here.
Hello, this is the health sector in the United Arab Emirates. This reminds you of the declaration of health. If it is not submitted in time, your credentials in the United Arab Emirates will be affected.
Hello, this is the staff at the CDC station in Yunnan. The people of the Rhein Hanni Autonomous Region of Beijing reported a cell phone number in your name calling the harassment number. If this number is not open by yourself, you must inform Yunnan police as soon as possible.
Hello, I work for the National Tax Center. As a result of the latest state policy, the properties you have acquired are now subject to a preferential tax return policy. In order to help you complete the tax refund as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine in the credit union nearby.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. This is Mayday's agent. I don't know if you want the tickets for their fan meeting. If you're interested, I'll order the link I sent you to start the booking.
Hello, this is the office of the Zimbabwean Embassy. Your passport is suspected of being illegal. The Embassy will send you back to your country on a mandatory basis.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is Zhejiang Public Security Bureau. You are currently wanted on the inside of the Public Security Bureau. Now you need a link to my paper to update your personal information.
Sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy staff. Our students on this side have to pay for an immunization guarantee. Otherwise, there is a risk of forced return to the country.
Hello, I'm Kyodong after the sale. I'm so sorry about the drink you bought the other time, which was filled with diarrhea, and we'll pay you $100 in cash. If you want to proceed with compensation, you need to add my qq so that I can guide you to the next step.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Housing Authority. As a result of the country’s latest policy, the properties you have purchased in the previous period are now subject to a preferential approach of tax return. You need to work with me on face recognition.
Hello, I'm a treasure shop. The milk you have purchased is not eligible after a check-up. You need to add a QQ Q to our dedicated office for compensation.
Hello, this is DHL International Express Ltd., Sichuan Province, calling you because. We have a delivery, you're the recipient, but this package contains forbidden items. If you do not send this delivery, you need to report it to the Shanghai City Police.
Hello, is Liu? The city director sent me a transfer to him. Because of the sensitivity of the leadership and my identity, I do not want to transfer him cash.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member. As a result of the State's latest policy, the properties you have previously acquired are now subject to a preferential system of tax reimbursement. You need to work with me on face recognition.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the staff of the Somali Embassy. Because of the disease control, you are required to provide health insurance to the designated account. Otherwise, you could be deported.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. I'm talking business now. I need to pay a down payment. Because I can't just give him the money, so I'll give you the cash as soon as I can and you'll transfer it to him.
Xiao Liu. I've just agreed on a project and now I need to pay the down payment. I can't give him money because the leader is sensitive to my identity.
Hello, I work for the National Revenue Service. According to the latest State policy, you are eligible for a return tax on the purchase of a dwelling and are entitled to a favourable tax refund. If you don't know exactly what you're doing, you'll have to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hey, Chang Yi, it's Zou Nam, your mentor. I'm having a bit of a hard time, and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll forward it to you in a micro-letter. Thank you.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Moroccan Embassy staff. Your identity information was stolen from a bank card run by a credit union and absconded with the money of that card, which is currently under arrest at the airport in Shanghai. The Moroccan Embassy is now required by law to repatriate you and send you to the Shanghai Public Security Department for a statement.
Little King. My credit card was no longer in use at the previous time, and I had a new agricultural card. You'll be on this card later on, please.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Housing Authority. As a result of the latest policy issued by the state, the properties you have purchased in the previous period are now eligible for a preferential tax return policy. In order for you to get your tax refund as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine in the nearest bank to do what I need.
I'm Zou Nam, the counselor. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll give you a farmer's account.
Hello, this is the official of the Public Security Department of UNITA in Inner Mongolia. You are currently wanted on the Intranet of the Ministry of Public Security. A public security program needs to be downloaded to complement our operations.
Hello, this is Jiangsu Province Communications Authority. In Jiangsu province, someone used your identity information to dispose of a mobile phone card and used that phone number to defraud citizens of Shanghai in Beijing. What you need to do now is to contact the Ministry of Public Security and to fax the case to the Communications Administration, which has no connection to you.
Excuse me, Ms. Chang, I'm from the Metropolitan Police. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. You'll get $30,000 in cash as soon as you can.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. This is the office staff for the popular epidemiological testing station. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. We've got plenty of resources. You'll increase the booking, we'll order it for you in advance, and you can come right over.
Hello, I'm the medium delivery service. I'm really, really sorry, because we lost your courier because of the off-site error, and we'll double your compensation. If you want to start paying compensation, you need to add my QQ so I can guide you to the next move.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm an epidemic control station in Yann. According to big data, your itinerary overlaps with the confirmed cases. You need to complete the online link within an hour to check your trajectory.
Excuse me. This is a staff member of the vaccination station in the Haidian district of Beijing. We've got a nucleic acid off our side. If you'd like, write a link for distribution online.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a 100th Express guest. I'm really sorry that you have a package here that looks like our staff lost, and we'll triple your compensation. If you want to make amends, you need to add my QQ, so I can guide you to the next move.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Huanggang Public Security Department, Hubei Province. You are currently wanted on the inside of the police station. If this has nothing to do with you, you'll have to come to the town's police station by 6:00 this afternoon.
Sorry to bother you. This is Shanghai City Police Station. Your identity information is used by Wang Jing to embezzle funds. You need to download a police application to run the information note.
Hello. Excuse me. I work for the IRS. As a result of the latest national policy, the properties you have acquired in the previous period are now eligible for the ex gratia tax policy. You need to follow my instructions to go on board the ATM nearby.
Wang Zheng, right? We're friends of Dojo, and you offended a year ago. You're really done. If you ever want to get better, give me $30,000 in cash.
Hello, I'm a Beijing police officer. I wanted to call you. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. We need you to get to the nearest police station as soon as possible.
Hello, I'm a passenger at Beijing Airlines. Your flight was sold. You need to tell us your credit card number and the Carnet balance so we can refund your ticket.
Hello, I'm Camp Port Epidemic Control Station. After checking your itinerary, it overlaps with confirmed cases. You need to complete the online link within an hour to verify your trajectory.
Hello, customer. I'm from Kyoto. I'm really, really sorry about the lead quality problem with the lipstick you bought earlier. You'll get $1,000 in compensation. I'll spread you a dynamic code later. You need to send me the dynamic code.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Belarusian telecommunications passenger. Your cable's already in arrears and will be closed. We need to check your head of household's information so we can continue the fee.
Hello, a few minutes. This is the buyer manager for everyone's property. I'll see if you think about it. Did you know anything about our project earlier?
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an employee of the securities firm. You bought the stock back from our company, and now there's another good stock, and we have inside information about it. You can enter the link you're distributing to finish the purchase.
Hello, I'm a staff member of Shanxi CDC. People in Beijing reported a phone number in your name calling the harassment number. If you didn't open this number yourself, you'd have to explain it to the Shanxi criminal squad right away.
Hello, esteemed client. I'm a guest at Hainan DHL International Express. One of your couriers was detained for sampling to contain prohibited items. You need to come to the police station in town by 6 p.m. this afternoon to tell me this delivery has nothing to do with you.
Hello, this is the British Embassy staff. As disease control requires you to provide fluid collateral to designated bank accounts. If you don't make it in time, your credit in England will be compromised.
Master Zhang, I'm a teacher at the Department of Education. I'm calling because your class has not paid for the materials. Once the class is in place. You need to submit it right away.
Zhang. Do you think you can offend Li? We're out of business, and we're usually clean with money.
Hello, this is the staff of the National Tax Center. As a result of the State's latest policy on this issue, the cars you have previously purchased are now enjoying preferential tax refunds. In order to help you complete the tax refund as soon as possible, you need the ATM at the Bank of Four.
Hello, I'm the teacher at the Department of Education. I'm having a bit of a problem. I need you to give me a transfer. I'll give you an account number, you can go up to me.
I'm sorry to bother you, honey, but I'm an oversold passenger. As a result of the current serious epidemic, all parcels have been stopped and will require a refund. You add to our guest service, Queen, to help you operate.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member of the Kyodong Finance Student Loan Cancel. At the university level, you processed student loans, which, according to national regulations, were cancelled by graduates. Now you need to add our QQ. There will be a specialist who will show you how to write off.
Hello, this is the staff of the CDC station in Shandong Province. People in Weihai reported that a cell phone number in your name was always calling the harassment phone, causing a great deal of trouble to the population. If it is not for you, you need to report the case to the Shandong police station.
Are you Liu Yan? We are the Public Security Department of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. You need to get 30,000 bucks to bail him out.
Hello, I'm the landlord. My credit card was no longer in use at the previous time, and I had a new agricultural card. Remember to transfer your rent to this card.
Hello, I'm the center of the center. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of our staff pool, and we'll pay you back. Would you mind adding my nails for further operation?
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. Because of the sensitivity of the leadership and my identity, I don't want to transfer money to him.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. In accordance with the State policy, which has recently been issued, the houses you have acquired are now eligible for a favourable tax return policy. If you don't know the details of the retreat, you'll have to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, I'm a shivering guest. I'm really, really sorry, because the epidemic is so serious that the beef jerky you bought earlier stopped sending and now needs a refund. You need to add a nail to our staff dedicated to reparations.
Hello, is Liu? We now have a project to close, and before that, we need to transfer cash to the city's leaders. Can I transfer this money to you and you can transfer it to him?
Damn it, I told you there was a kyoto to call me. I was told that there was a problem with chemical content in a batch of cosmetics tested by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the skin cream that I had bought earlier was in the same batch, so now it needs to be recalled. Let me now add the qq of their manual passenger service, and he'll guide me through the settlement.
Hi, honey. Sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of our office staff. We're going to pay for it, and you're going to have to add my tweets.
This is the city police station. Your son-in-law was among those we caught last night. It's a bad thing. If you don't want a lot of people to know, you'll pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
Hello, I'm from Eastern Securities. We have a tendency for insider information. I'll spread you a link, and you can do the online booking when you get in.
Hello, dear. I'm a Kyoto. I'm sorry to bother you. In the last month, after a scrutinizing examination of the membranes you bought in the tremors, you found that there was a problem with the membrane. We'll need you to open up a commercial reserve if we're gonna refund it.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Qinghai Public Security Department. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. A public security program needs to be downloaded to complement our operations.
Hello, excuse me. This is the British Embassy. Your passport is suspected of illegal entry. The embassy will send you back to your country on a mandatory basis, and the immigration authorities will blacklist you.
Hello, I'm a passenger at the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? I'd like to make a return visit.
Hello, this is Central Express. A delivery you sent seems to contain contraband. You need to report this to Hunan Police.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. As a result of the 19th new policy, the loan account that you opened at the Undergraduate level needs to be cancelled. The information published by the teacher needs to be followed up in a timely manner and the account cancelled by itself.
Excuse me, but this is the DMV office. The State has recently issued a policy whereby the public you purchase is now entitled to tax refunds for car purchases. You need to provide your credit union account to verify your personal information.
Sorry to bother you. I work at the British Embassy. This reminds you of your health declaration. You will face detention or deportation.
Hello, I'm Sichuan police officer. Your identity information was used to misappropriate funds. You need to update your personal information now by clicking on the link I sent you.
Excuse me, Ms. Chang, I work for Tianjin Air. Your scheduled flight was cancelled due to an unexpected mechanical failure. Our approach here is limited by the need to know the customer's account of the farmers to dispose of the refund.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. The State has recently issued a policy that allows you to buy a home that is now entitled to a tax refund on the purchase of a car. You need to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions for tax refund.
I got a call from the Quickie today. I was told that the lipstick I bought had a quality problem. Let me add a QQ and give him a copy of the order so that I can be returned three times the amount.
I suspect I've been subjected to extortion and just received a telephone call calling myself a guest of the Enlightenment Examination. Tell me it's almost the fourth grade. Ask me if I need a fourth grade. If I want to buy it, I can click the link I sent to start the booking.
I'm a police officer in Hunan. You're wanted on the Internet by the criminal squad because of your identity documents. If this has nothing to do with you, you have to come to the town police station this afternoon by 6:00.
Hello, is Liu? I need you to do me a favor now. The City Commissioner asked me to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it now. Because I can't just transfer money to him, so I'll transfer cash to you and then you will.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of DHL International Express Limited in Shanghai. We checked that a delivery package sent to you seemed to contain prohibited items. If you want to prove that this delivery is not yours, you need to follow the Sea Police.
Ms. Zhang, this is the head of the municipal police station. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. Let's talk to the lady. It won't be nice to say it and let everyone know it's not good for him. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail, and you see this procedure?
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of the Central Service Station. The papaya box you bought was broken, and perhaps the contents were broken, and the company will pay you back. If you want to extend the compensation, you need to add my qq so that I can guide you to your next operation.
Chang San. Think you can be offended by the Green Dragons. We're out of business, and we're usually clean with money.
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm sorry your delivery's missing, but we'll triple the amount. You will need to download the information session, which we can use to communicate, so that I can show you how to compensate.
Didn't you apply for a student loan when you were in college? If not, log in the account every month. It is easy to steal accounts because of prolonged failure to log in.
Hello, is Liu? I need you to do me a favor right now. The mayor of town asked me to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it right now. I can't leave because I'm in a meeting. You can help me with this. I'll turn around later.
Are you Liu Yi? We are members of the Xinjiang Khashi Public Security Directorate. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. You're gonna need 30,000 bucks to bail him out.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I have to call you to inform you. We've tested the product and found it to be a heavy metal excess, and we'll double your compensation. If we return the money, we'll need you to open a commercial reserve to pay for the treasure.
Xiao Liu. I have just negotiated a project and now there is a need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. Because the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I can't give him cash.
Excuse me for a few minutes. You are currently wanted by the Ministry of Public Security on the Internet because the outlaws use your identity documents to transfer the stolen money. Now you need to click the link I sent you to update your personal information.
Hello, I'm a staff member at the anti-fouling station. Your routing shows you as a close contact. A short message link is sent. You need to enter personal information to update your current information.
Hello? I told you there was an Amazon service call. Tell me that there was a problem of chemical excess in a batch of snow cream examined by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and that the cosmetics that I had purchased earlier were in this batch, so now they need to be recalled. Let me add a little faith to this.
You're Chang Yi bar. Brother Nine gave me your privacy photos. Scared?
Li Hui. The Blue Dragons gave me your privacy photos. You better not contact anyone now.
Hello, this is Central Station. The box you bought was broken and we'll pay you back. If you want to make a settlement, you need to add my nails, so I can guide you to the next course of action.
Hello, this is the staff of the Turkish Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. A warrant has been issued for your arrest, and you need to pay £1,000 before you can be arrested.
Hello, class. This is the staff of the Huatu School Examination Institute. It is not clear whether the same window requires a level 4 test. You can enter a link that will be distributed to you later to finish the appointment.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. I can connect you to the Treasury Department. You can ask them for details.
Hello, this is the school loan department teacher. As a result of national policy, the accounts of the lending bank that you have opened are cancelled. Do not forget to cancel this account.
You're Chang San. You don't know how to talk, but don't say that on Twitter. If you don't be famous at your school.
Hello, I'm the center of the center. I'm very sorry that your courier was lost because of the fault of our staff, and we'll settle your claim here. If there is any intention to proceed with the settlement of the claim, I need you to add my tweets so that I can guide you on the way forward.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a police officer in Haidian District, Beijing. The flow of our system shows that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. Now you need to get to the police force nearby to find out if your information is correct.
Hello, this is the officer of the CDC of the Guangxi Autonomous Region. In Beijing, 100-colored people reported a phone number in your name calling the harassment number. If this number is not open by yourself, you need to inform the public order of the Guangxi Autonomous Region immediately.
Hey, Zhang Yi, it's Zou Nam, your counselor. I'm having a bit of a problem, and I need your help with the cash. You won't help me with this cash as soon as possible.
Hello, I'm the Yaslanda Flag. How about the lipstick you bought at our flagship store a while ago? We want to visit you back.
I'm from the City Public Security Department. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. You need to immediately prepare 30,000 fine for bail.
Sorry to bother you. This is Zhejiang Police Force. You are currently wanted by the Ministry of Public Security on the Internet because the outlaws use your identity card to transfer stolen money. If this has nothing to do with you, you have to be in the city by 6:00 this afternoon.
Hello. I'm Namgawa Epidemic Control. You've been running a trail that overlaps with confirmed cases. Now you need to check your itinerary, and you need an hour to complete the online link input.
Hello, I'm a Gabonese telecommunications guest. Your cable's out of charge. It's going to be forced to shut down. You have to give me information about the head of your family, so you can pay for it.
Can you hear me? It's me. That is so, I now have an appointment with a leader who needs to be given a gifted job. I need some cash. I have to pay.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. Did you apply for a medical reimbursement before? You can ask the Treasury for details of the issuance. Can I connect you?
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger in an ant gold suit. The State does not allow students to register for the relevant loans. You can add our cancellation qq, and he'll show you how to cancel.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm your agent for May. Now I have extra tickets for the concert. You can click the link I sent you for an appointment.
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of the fault of our staff, and I'll pay you back twice. We're going to pay for it only by paying for it, and you need to add my qq.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office officer at the credit card debut. Our institution has recently introduced a high credit card processing business, which does not require excessive formalities. If you're interested in this business, you need a deposit of $1,000 in cash.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but this is a police officer from the Public Security Department of Quanzhou, Fujian Province. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow of our system here shows a problem with your process code. I need you to go to the security station in the nearest four minutes and explain.
Hello, excuse me, this is the Reunion Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to handle the case and inform the Beijing Public Security Bureau within two hours.
Hello, Liu. We now have a project to close, which will require the transfer of money to the town council as soon as possible. Because the leader is sensitive to my identity, I don't want to transfer money to him.
Hi, I'm a few minutes late. This is the school lending department. Due to the introduction of the 19 major new approaches, the loan accounts that you opened at the time of your undergraduates need to be written off. (c) Require timely follow-up of the information issued by the counsellor and cancel the account.
Me, me! I'm looking for a member, so I need to give a gift to the director. Can you lend me some cash?
Hello, this is the Beijing Communications Authority. In Beijing, people in Taipei reported a cell phone number in your name calling the harassment number. You have to report this to the Taiwan Public Security Bureau.
Didn't you apply for a student loan when you were in college? If you've already paid off your student loan, remember to cancel your account. Otherwise, accounts are easily stolen.
I got a call from the vibrator today. I was informed that the heavy metal element of the shampoo that I had purchased at the previous time exceeded the standard. Let me download an e-mail session, open the screen and then show me how to collect my own compensation.
I'm Zou Nam, the counselor. Now I'm in a bit of trouble and I need you to transfer me some money. I'll send you the money from this bank account. Thank you.
Hello, is Liu? We now have projects to close, which require a cash transfer to the city's leadership before they are closed. Can I transfer this money to you and you transfer it to him?
Good news! Didn't you say you wanted to see May? Now I have extra tickets for the concert. You can order the links I sent you for a while.
Excuse me, ma'am. I'm Amazonian. Our staff accidentally listed you as a broker. Need you to remove this access through the emergency channel of the credit union.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. Because of the outbreak, we stopped sending and needed to get you a refund. Downloads an AP called "Softview" to perform refund operations.
Hello, this is the Communications Bureau. People in the New Territories of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region report a mobile phone number in your name calling the harassment number. In order to prevent parking, you need to clarify this matter as soon as possible at the police station.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Social Welfare Department. There's a medical claim for you. We've got a specialist on your side.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the staff of the Embassy of Guam. As a result of the epidemic, you are required to provide a fluid bond to a particular bank account. Otherwise, there is a risk of being forcibly returned to the country.
Hello, ma'am. This is Ningxia Air's artificial passenger service. Your scheduled flight was stopped due to an unexpected mechanical failure. Our approach here is limited to the need to know the customer's account of the non-profit organization to process the refund.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial passenger in Kyoto's wallet. It's time for the 19th Congress not to get information on the student's registration credit because you have the registration information to help you cancel. So you need to add your Twitter to help you cancel the student network bank account.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an employee of Eastern Securities because of you. There's a certain trend in information in the stock, which will guarantee you a lot of money. If you want, please send you a link, write personal information, and make an online appointment.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the police of the Haidian District of Beijing. There's a problem with your nucleic acid sample. We need you to get to the nearest police station and explain.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really sorry about your delivery. We'll pay you back. Would you like to add my Twitter for further operation?
I got a call today from a man who calls himself an artificial guest of the Chinese public exam. Tell me it's almost the fourth grade. Ask me if I need a fourth grade. I'll enter the link for my booking.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of Central Station Services. I'm really, really sorry for the omission of our station staff, which led to the loss of your delivery, and which will be doubled. You need to add a little credit to our dedicated compensation staff.
I'm sorry to bother you, dear. I work for Express. Our employees accidentally misdirected your information, and your personal seller's application was changed to a vendor's application. As a result of the requirement that CPS intervene as a third-party notary to dispose of a credit investigation, the credit investigation is automatically sold.
Hello, this is the National Revenue Service. The state recently announced its policy, and the people you buy will now benefit from a tax refund. In order for you to get your tax refunds done as soon as possible, you need to get to the ATM machine at the nearest credit union to do what I need.
I just got a call from a guy who says he's talking about the examiner's uniform. Tell me they have the real question of the English Level 4 exam and ask me if I need it. Can book by clicking the link he sent me.
Hello, Mr. Liuna. I'm the Queen of the Department. I'm having a little trouble, and I need you to give me a transfer. If it's convenient for you now, help me with the cash.
Xiao Liu. I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. I'm in a meeting.
I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am. I'm a few minutes late. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. If you want, you can click on the link that you're spreading for online booking.
Hello, this is the Beijing police station. Your trajectory intersects with one of our confirmed cases. We need you to come to the nearest public security office and explain the situation.
You remember the student loan. Remember to write off the account number if it is finished; and to log in every month if it is not. Failure to log in for long periods of time would become unsafe.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial guest at Eastern Securities. There's a certain movement of insider information that will make you a big profit. If you're interested in this stock, you can book it by the link I sent you.
Hello, Liu. I need you to do me a favor now, but I can't do it now. Because I can't just transfer money to him, so I'm going to transfer cash to you and you're going to transfer it to him.
Hey, this is Changsha City Disease Control. We've got a new nine-price vaccine here, and we're rich in resources. If you want, you can enter the links that are distributed to you to book them online.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Haidian Police Department in Beijing. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to download a public security application to run the situation note.
Hello, this is San Marino Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. We need to transfer you to the Beijing Public Security Police for filing.
I just got a call from the chalk exam. Tell me they have the real question of the fourth grade and ask me if I want to buy it. If I want to, make sure that the links that I've been distributing are available online.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm the Social Welfare Department. Have you applied for a medical reimbursement before? You need to add QQ of our Treasury staff to the details he'll tell you.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Social Welfare Department. There's a medical claim on the system that you haven't paid. You will ask the Treasury for details of the issuance. Can I connect you?
Hello, this is a British health worker. This reminds you of the declaration of health. You will face detention or deportation.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Hainanguchi Police Department. Your identity information is used to embezzle funds. You need to download a public security app for an information note, and we'll have someone to direct you to.
I'm sorry to bother you in the same window for a few minutes. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. If you want, it is easier to pre-order online by clicking on the link that you will send.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of the Guangxi City Guard. We've been reported that your cell phone number always sells false information. If you did not do it, this situation would have to be reported to the Guangxi Public Security Department.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of Kyoto's office. It is now amended to exclude students from financial borrowing, in line with the National Governance Policy, by requiring that student identification information be changed to non-students, otherwise it will affect subsequent creditworthiness. Asking you to download a nailed software, we'll guide you through the software.
Shit, I told you there was a vibrator on the phone. The business administration now needs a three-fold refund from the merchant. Let me add a qq to this.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest at the securities firm. Our company recently found a good stock. It's moving well. I'll send you a link and you'll be able to finish your online appointment when you get in.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. I work for the Yaslanda Flag. How about the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? The real feedback from the clients we bought before is important to us.
Did you finish your loan when we were at school? If you've paid off your student loan, remember to cancel your account. The account numbers are vulnerable to theft because of prolonged failure to log in.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the DMV office. In accordance with the country’s latest guidelines, the cars you have bought can now benefit from the tax reimbursement policy. You need to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, I work for the Beijing CDC. You're about to shut down all your cell phone numbers, because one of your phone numbers has been breaking the law. If they are not operating by themselves, they are required to produce a file from the Beijing police station.
Hello. Excuse me. This is the British Embassy. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You are required to assist in handling the case and inform the Beijing Metropolitan Police within two hours.
Hello, I'm an artificial passenger in an ant gold suit. Since the 19th Congress has issued a policy to combat borrowing from borrowing platforms to university students, you have asked to cancel your loan account, which, if not, will affect the letter of demand. You can add our written off passenger service qq, and he'll show you how to write off.
Hello, this is the Yaslanda Flag. You've bought a lipstick in our house before. I don't know how you feel about it. I'd like to make a return visit.
Hello, this is the British Embassy staff. Your visa is not allowed to enter or leave the country properly because of the incident. You need to add my office tweets now, and I can help you with the problem now.
I just got a call from the waltu exam. Say they have the real question of this year's English 4th grade. If I want to buy it, I can click on the links that I've been able to disseminate for online booking.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the office of the Namibian Embassy. The passport you dispose of is suspected of illegal entry and exit. You're going to need to add my work tweets right now, and I'm going to help you out now.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a police officer from the Police Department of Jiangxi Hawking, and I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. If your own route is clear, it will take two hours for the police station to be assigned.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member of the telecommunication authority of Ishikoyama City in the Ningxia Autonomous Region. We've been reported that your cell phone number always sells false information. If it is not for you, this situation must be reported to the Criminal Police Unit of the Ningxia Autonomous Region.
What are you doing? It's me. I'm looking for a leader to do something, so I need to give him a gift. Can you lend me some money?
Hello, this is the Communications Authority. We have received reports from a number of Shanghai city citizens that your mobile phone number is illegal in spreading information about extortion. The Police Department is required to fax the case to the Communications Authority.
Hello, is Liu? The mayor told me to transfer him a bill. I'm in a meeting.
It's me, can you hear me? I'm going to meet a comrade of our leaders this afternoon, and then I'm giving a gift to the comrade of our leaders. Can you turn me around first?
Hello, I work for the Namibian Embassy. The passport that is accepted with your identity card is suspected of illegal entry and exit. It is now the duty of the Namibian Embassy, in accordance with the law, to return you to your country and send you to the Shanghai Public Security Bureau for a written statement.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is an artificial guest service for the Wattue School Examinations Agency. So, we have the real question of the English 4th grade. If you want, you can order the link you sent for a while.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of the Central Service. I'm really sorry. The package you have here seems to have been lost by our staff. We'll triple your compensation. You need to add the micro-credit of our staff dedicated to reparations.
Sorry to bother you. This is the school loan department. The loan account that you opened at the Undergraduate level will need to be written off because of the 19 major new approaches. Your account must have been cancelled in time.
Hello? Is this Lee Hui? I'm your high school math teacher. I'm in a bit of a hurry. I need to give you a bank account. You can give me some money for this bank account. If it's convenient now, I'd like you to help me with the cash.
Hello, ma'am. This is a passenger service from Hainan Air. The bad weather these last two days caused your flight to be cancelled. There's a special staff working on the claims. I'll put your phone on him.
Hello? I told you there was a hand-carrying call. I bought lipstick to check the quality of lead. And I said I'd have a pass code later, and I'd need to send it to him.
Excuse me, Ms. Chang, this is from the Metropolitan Police. Your son-in-law was arrested yesterday for prostitution. It's a bad thing. If you don't want a lot of people to know, you'll pay $30,000 as soon as possible.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is a civilian police officer from the Haidian police station in Beijing. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow shows you have a problem with your itinerary code. If you have no problems with your own route, it will take two hours to designate the Public Security Directorate to provide information.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Hammy City Preventive Center. Your flow code indicates that you have an intersection with a positive case. A text message link is sent to you. You need to fill in your personal information to update your current information.
Hello, Mrs. Chang. This is Tianjin Shizuku Police Station. Your son-in-law was among the prostitutes we arrested yesterday. You're gonna need 30,000 bucks to bail him out.
Hello? I told you there was a Manchurian exam. Tell me it's coming up to the English 4th grade. It's easy to book by writing my own information in the link he sent me.
What are you doing? It's me. I'd love to ask the Commissioner to do something, so I need to give a gift to the leader. Will you turn me around as soon as possible?
Honey, hi. Sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really sorry that your package on our side seems to have been lost by our staff, and we'll triple your damages. We have arranged for you to have a designated claimant who will need you to add a nail to the compensation to carry out a specific settlement.
Hello, this is Central Station. I'm very sorry that your courier was lost because of a leak in our office, and we're here to settle your claim. If you want to proceed with the settlement, you need to add my nails, which I can guide you to the next step.
Hello, I'm a few minutes late. This is a medium delivery. Now let me inform you that a delivery you sent was seized for taking a sample of prohibited substances and that you are currently suspected of committing a crime. You need to get to town by 6:00 this afternoon.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Taiwan Police Station. Criminals using your identity information to transfer stolen money are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to download a public security app for an information note, and we'll have a specialist to direct you to.
Hello, I'm with the Housing Authority. The State has recently put in place a policy on this matter, and the houses you buy are now easy to benefit from tax rebates. You'll have to go to the ATM four-by-four on my instructions.
Mrs. Zhang, I'm from the Pilgrim police station in Guizhou. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. You'll be fine for $30,000 immediately.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a twitcher. More than 100 non-platinum members were registered as platinum members because of the error of our staff. It's easy to switch you to the joint service business.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes, but I work at the Yaslanda Flag. How's the lipstick you bought in our house the other day? Can you cooperate with us on a return visit?
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Ninde police station in Fujian province. Your identity information was used to divert funds. You need to update your personal information now by clicking on the link I sent you.
Hello, I work for the IRS. The State has recently introduced a policy whereby the homes you buy are now eligible for tax refunds on car purchases. If you don't know the details of the retreat, you need to go to the ATM in the vicinity, as I told you.
This account is yours. The Blue Dragons gave me your privacy photos. You better not contact anyone now.
You're Zhang Hui now. Lee gave me your privacy photos. Scared?
I just got a call from a man who said it was an artificial guest at the Huatu Educational Examination. Say they have the real question of this year's English 4th grade. It can be ordered online by clicking on the link he spreads to me.
Hello? Is it Zhang Hui? I'm your high school math teacher. I'm in a bit of a hurry. I need to give you a bank account. You can help me cash this account. If it's convenient now, you can either help me with the cash.
Hello, I'm from Eastern Securities. There's a certain trend in the inside of the information that will make you a big profit. If you're interested in this stock, you can make a link appointment with me for a while.
Hello, I'm Human Welfare. There's a medical claim for you. You need to add nails to our Treasury office to extract the details.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. Here's a medical claim you haven't paid. I'll connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, is it a quiet window? I'm Teacher Zhang of the Department. Your class's tuition fees are still unpaid. We're close to the deadline for payment of material fees. Just turn it around.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest of Amazon's. I'm calling you because. Our employees accidentally misdirected your information, and your personal seller's application was changed to an agent's vendor application. I'll be able to connect you to the inside of your usual bank card.
Hello, this is the staff of the Embassy of Kuwait. Your passport is suspected of being illegal. The Kuwaiti Embassy is now required by law to return you to your country and send you to the Shanghai Public Security Department for a statement.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of the Centre. I'm sorry that your delivery's gone and we'll triple it. You need to add a nail to the office where we specialize in compensation.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Communications Department of Jiangsu. All the phone numbers in your name are about to be shut down, as one of the phone numbers you handle is always breaking the law. If you didn't do it, you'd have to report it to the Beijing police station.
Hello. Sorry to bother you. I work for the IRS. As a result of the country’s latest development policy, the properties you have purchased earlier are now subject to a preferential policy of tax reimbursement. You need to work with me on face recognition.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a hand-carrying member of Kyoto's wallet. You can't get credit information from a university student at the 19th Congress, because you have it. So you need to add your qq to help you cancel the student network loan account.
A man called me today and said it was an artificial guest at the chalk examination. Say they have the real question of the English 4th grade. Can you order the link he sent me to book?
Hello, I'm the Chinese Express service station. I'm sorry we lost your delivery. We'll triple the compensation. If you want to proceed with the settlement, you need to add my nails, which I can guide you to the next step.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member. There's a claim in your name. You can ask the Treasury for details of the issuance. I'll connect you. Do you need it?
Hey, I'm a Mexican telecommunications guest. Your home network service is about to expire. We need to verify the information about your head of household and therefore renew the fee.
Hello, this is Zhejiang Disease Control. Someone used your I.D. to get a cell phone number in Casing City for Internet fraud. If it is not self-administered, it is necessary to present the file of the Zhejiang Ministry of Public Security.
Hello, is Liu? We now have projects to close, which require early cash transfers to town leaders. Because I can't just give him the money, so I'll give it to you as soon as I can and you'll give it to him.
This account number is yours. You are advised to pay attention to your own statements on social platforms. I can't guarantee the consequences.
Hello, customer. I work at the Central Service. I'm sorry you lost your delivery. We'll make it triple. Can you add my nails to further compensation?
A man called me today and said it was the Amazon. I bought lipstick to detect the quality of arsenic excesses. If a refund is required, a program called "Soft View" needs to be downloaded.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the anti-prevalence department in the Haidian district. Your journey tracks are checked to overlap with confirmed cases. There is now a need to check your trajectory and complete the online link within one hour.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. There's a claim in your name. I can connect you to the Treasury Department.
Hello, I'm the center of the center. I'm really sorry that you have a package here that seems to have been lost by our staff. We'll triple your compensation. We are about to make amends by paying the clouds, and you need to add my nails.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a staff member of the Reference Credit Center. We have recently introduced a high-value credit card application service with no explanation. A down payment of $1,000 is required for the disposal of this business.
Hello, this is the Hunan police station. The flow of our system here shows that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. Now you need to get to the nearest police station as soon as possible to find out if your information is correct.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the DMV staff. In accordance with the latest national development guidelines, the cars you purchase now enjoy preferential tax reimbursement. I'll give you a pass code later. You spread it to me. I need to check your identity.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Hiyayama Disease Control Station. Your flow code shows that you have an intersection with a positive case. If you have not been to the above-mentioned place, you will be given a short message link that you need to fill in and update your current information.
Hello, I'm a loaner in Kyoto. Because of the policy promulgated by the 19th Congress to counter borrowing platforms to university students, you have asked for the cancellation of your loan account, which, if not, could affect credit investigations. The write-off practice requires that the first message, “cancellation operations”, be sent in a letter of credit to the technicians who take over from us.
Excuse me, this is Yangjiang Public Security Bureau, Guangdong Province. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. If this has nothing to do with you, you'll have to come to town by 6 p.m. this afternoon.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an employee of the Eastern Securities Company. You've been buying stock in our company before, and now you have a good fund, and we have inside information about it. I'll send you a link later. You click in and perfect your personal information so you can finish the online booking.
Hello, I'm a lot of manual service. I'm really, really sorry, because the epidemic is too serious now, so the barbecue you bought a while ago stopped distributing, and now you need a refund. You need to add the credit of our staff dedicated to reparations.
Hello, National Telecommunications Authority. In Beijing, someone used your identity information to dispose of a mobile phone card and used this mobile phone number to defraud citizens of Shanghai in the Tibet Autonomous Region. It is now necessary for you to go to the Beijing police station and deal with the report forms, indicating that the violations were not committed by you.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really, really sorry, because the epidemic is too serious now, so the rib meat you bought earlier stopped distributing and now needs to be repaid for disposal. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated staff member who will need you to add a letter of recommendation for a specific compensation operation.
You're Zhang Fong, right? Did you want to come and play? I can't guarantee the consequences.
Hello, distinguished buyer. We detected that a delivery package sent to you by mail seemed to contain prohibited items. If it is not for your own mail, a statement to the Shanghai City Public Security Department is required.
Hello, this is the staff of the CDC station in Shaanxi Province. In Beijing, people reported a cell phone number in your name calling the harassment number. If you do not have this number, you need to inform the Public Security Department of Shaanxi immediately.
I'm sorry to bother you, dear. I'm a tuxedo. So, one of our interns made a data entry error, mis-inputting your personal information into the shop's platinum members. You need to communicate with the bank office staff and get a letter of return to sell this service.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the office of the Hiromoto Communications Authority in Beijing. Someone in Sichuan used your I.D. to dispose of a mobile phone card and used it to steal money from Shanghai citizens in Beijing. If these offences are not committed by yourself, contact the Public Security Bureau and ask it to present the file.
Hello, it's me. I now have an appointment with a fellow leader who needs to be served by a gifted officer. Can you lend me some cash as soon as possible?
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the school loan station. Here you applied for a loan. Please cancel the account in a timely manner.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the Hong Kong Hong Kong Police Department. The currents of our system show that you're a close contact with confirmed cases. We need you to get to the police force in the vicinity immediately.
Hello, I'm a staff member. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. You need to add our Treasury staff qq to get details he'll tell you.
Yoo Yan, I'm Zou Nam, your school counselor. I'm having a bit of a problem, and I need your help with the cash. I'll give you a farmer's account.
This account is yours. You are advised to pay attention to your own statements on social platforms. If you don't be famous at your school.
I'm sorry to bother you. It's a guest dress for the Wattoo School Examinations Agency. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. If you want, you can order the link you sent for online.
Hello, a few minutes. This is a guest suit at the Yaslanda Flag. How was the lipstick you bought at our house the other day? Can you cooperate with us on a return visit?
Are you Ms. Chang? This is the City Public Security Bureau. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. Let's talk to the lady. It won't be nice to talk about it and let everyone know it's not good for him. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail.
Excuse me for a few minutes, but this is the hand-carrying at the credit card office. There's a good high-value credit card adjunct for you, and it's off-the-shelf and fast. You need a down payment of $1,000 to handle this business.
Hello, ma'am. I'm Beijing Airlines. Your flight was sold due to mechanical failure. We were asked to be informed of the credit union card and the Carnet balance to facilitate the refund of airline tickets and compensation. In order to guide you, it is recommended that we keep talking.
Hello, customer. I work at the Central Station. I'm really, really sorry, because we lost your courier because of the off-site error, and we'll double your compensation. Can you add my Twitter to further settlement?
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Social Welfare Department. Your medical claims before you will be decentralized. You need to add qq to our Treasury office to get details he'll tell you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is an agent of the credit card department. We have recently introduced a high credit card application service, which is exempt from certification. A handling fee of $1,000 is required for this operation.
You're Zhang Fong. Did you want to come and play? I can't guarantee the consequences.
This account is yours. Did you want to play with Twitter? I'll put you in the big paper at your school.
Hello, this is the Beijing City Public Security Bureau. Your identity information was used to steal money. We need to download a public security app to match our operation.
You're Liu Na, right? You'd better get out of Twitter now. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
Did you finish your loan when we were at school? If this is completed, write off the account number. Otherwise the account numbers are easily stolen.
It's me, can you hear me? I'm going to meet a comrade of our leaders this afternoon, and then I'm giving a gift to the comrade of our leaders. Could you use the bank card for a little cash?
I just got a call from the teaching exam. Tell me they have the real question of the fourth grade, and ask me if I want to buy it. If I want to buy it, let me order it on the link he sent me.
Hello, I'm the middle station service. I'm really sorry, but it looks like our staff lost our package. We'll pay you triple. We're going to pay back through the Internet, and you need to add my tweets.
Hello, ma'am. I'm Beijing Airlines. The bad weather has caused your flight to go down. We have a special staff here to pay you back. You need to add his nails.
Hello. I'm a staff member of the Hydraulic Disease Control Station. You've been running a trail that overlaps with confirmed cases. You need to check your itinerary now and complete the online link within one hour.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but this is the police department of the police department of the city of Bayanjar in the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia. The flow shows that your process code is in trouble. I need you to get to the police force in the vicinity.
Hello, I'm Yangtze Securities. You bought the stock back at our firm, and now you have a good fund, and we have inside information on the stock. I'll send you a link and you click in to perfect your personal information and you'll finish the online booking.
You're Liu Yi. I've got details about you and your family, and I've been thinking about what you've been doing. We're out of business, and we're usually clean with money.
Hello, I'm the May agent. I have good news for you. I don't know if you want the tickets for their fan meeting. If you're interested, you can order the link I sent to you to open an appointment.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of Central Station Services. I'm really sorry. The package you have here seems to have been lost by our staff. We'll triple your compensation. We've arranged for you to have a specialized claimant who will need you to add a letter of recommendation for a specific settlement.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the school loan department. The system shows that you received the loan account at a previous time. Your account must be written off in time.
Hello, this is the Beijing Communications Authority. In Beijing, someone used your identity information to dispose of a cell phone card and used this cell phone number to defraud Shanghai residents of Liaoning province. What you need to do now is to contact the Public Security Directorate immediately and then forward the case to the Communications Administration by fax.
Hello, I'm a guest at Yuzawa Flags. You will be compensated as required. Would you like to add a nail to our staff to resolve this problem?
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. The delivery you previously purchased was lost in transit, and the company will pay you the original price in accordance with the restrictions imposed. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated compensation staff member who will need you to add the settlement QQ. for specific compensation operations.
Hi, ma'am. I'm Taiwan Airlines. Your flight has been eliminated due to mechanical failure. Now there's someone special to pay for it. I'll transfer your phone to him.
Little King. I had a new bank card. Transfer the rent to this card.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Human Welfare Department. Did you apply for a medical reimbursement before? You need to add our Treasury staff tweets and get details he'll tell you.
Hello, this is Skywater Disease Control. We've got a nucleic acid off our side. I'll send you a link, and you click in to improve your personal information so that you can complete the online booking.
Hello, I'm the after-sales service. I'm sorry about the milk you've bought before and the diarrhea you've been drinking, and we'll pay you $100 in cash. You need to download the telecommunication meeting. We can communicate with the telecommunication meeting so that I can show you how it works.
Hello, I'm the Wang teacher of the Department of Education. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll give you a bank account.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm Sao Tome and Principe telecommunications. Your cable service has expired and is in a state of default, so you will be forced to stop. We need to verify the information about your head of household and therefore renew the fee.
I'm not even ready for this English 4th grade. I'd like to get some real questions from an examination agency. Do you know where I can get the real question online? There's no time to practice.
Hello, I work for the Kyodong Financial Loan. If you want to cancel your own loan account, the credit check will be compromised if you do not. Now you're asking for our nails to be added, and there's a specialist who will guide you on how to proceed.
Hello, this is Mayday's agent. I have good news for you. I don't know if you're interested in tickets for their fans. You can make an appointment by clicking on the link I spread you.
You remember the student loan. Remember to cancel the account if you've paid off the loan. Because it's easy to steal accounts if they don't land for a long time.
Zhang Fong. We now have a project to close, which requires a quick cash transfer to the town's leaders. Please pay for this as soon as possible. I'm in a meeting.
Hello, I'm a loan attendant. You have opened a loan account, but the national policy now requires the cancellation of this group of users. The cancellation requires that the first message, “Closure of business”, be presented as a nail to our technicians.
Zhang Ting, right? I urge you to get out of Twitter. I'm going to your school to post your paper.
Wang Zheng. I'm talking business. I need to pay the deposit. Can I transfer this money to you and you can transfer it to him.
Hey, I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Quick Hand-Turn. Our employees accidentally misdirected your information and your personal vendor application was changed to a broker's application. You've been contacted by the credit union for emergency access to stop immediately.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the chalk exam. I don't know if you need the English 4 real question. It's easy to add my tweets.
Hello, this is Mayday's agent calling to tell you. I have their tickets for the concert next week. You'll click the link I sent you for an appointment.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of the crash of our office. We're going to have to make restitution only by paying for it, and you need to add my QQ.
It's me, can you hear me? In this case, I now have an appointment with the Director-General, who needs to be provided with a gift. Need to transfer money through your bank card.
It's me, can you hear me? I now have an appointment with a leader who needs to be served on the Commission. I need some cash. I have to pay.
Good evening to your classmates. It's near the fourth grade. I don't know if you need a fourth grade. If you'd like, you can order the links that you've spread online.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm an artificial guest after Amazon. I'm really sorry, but the larvae you bought earlier found that the microbiology was overrated, and now you need a refund. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated staff member who will need you to add the settlement qq to carry out the specific compensation operations.
You're Liu Yan bar. I'm calling to inform you that I have your private photos. Do as I say if you don't leak the photo.
You're General Manager of Wong's Media Company, aren't you? We now have a project to close, which requires a quick cash transfer to the city's leadership. Because the Commissioner and I are sensitive, I can't give him money, so you can help me with the money.
It's me, can you hear me? I'm going to meet with a member of our committee this afternoon and then I'll give him a gift. Can you lend me some cash first?
Honey, hi. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a customer after the Skycat sale. I'm sorry to inform you that the beef jerky you purchased earlier cannot be assigned due to the disease. We have arranged for you to have a dedicated staff member who will be required to add a letter of compensation for the specific claims.
I'm sorry to bother you, but here's the manual service of the Huatu Institute of Education Examinations. So, here we have the real question of the English four. You can enter the link that will be distributed to you to finish the booking.
Miss Wang, I'm Zou Nam. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll give you a bank account.
This account is yours. You don't know how to talk, so don't talk on Twitter. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
It's me, can you hear me? I'm going to meet a member of our director's committee this afternoon, and then I'm giving him a gift. I need some money. I need some money.
Hello, Ms. Zhang. This is from the Public Security Division of the Di Gyeongxi Autonomous Region of Yunnan Province. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. If you want to bail him out, you'll have to pay $30,000.
Hello. I'm sorry to keep you here for a few minutes. The state has recently issued a policy that will allow the public to buy the car and tax refunds. If you don't know the details of the retreat, you'll have to go to the nearest ATM on my instructions.
Hello, this is the school loan center teacher. The system shows that you have previously received a loan account. Don't forget to cancel this account.
Hello, I work for the Department of Human Welfare. There's a medical claim you haven't paid. I can connect you to the Treasury. He'll guide you in detail.
Zhang Fong, right? You better get out of Twitter now. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
Zhang Fong right. You're in trouble. We're out of business, and we're usually clean with money.
What are you doing? I just met a fraud. Someone called me and said it was Skycat. Tell me that the skin cream I bought a while ago did have chemical content problems at the Bureau of Commerce and Industry check and needed to be recalled. They're gonna need me to open up a commercial reserve for the product.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest at the Yaslanda Flag. You've bought a lipstick pen in our house before, and you don't know how you feel about it. I'd like to make a return visit.
Chang San. I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. I can't get out of here because I'm in a meeting. You'll have to help me with this. I'll turn around.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the Gansu Silver City police. I hope you will cooperate with us. The flow shows that your process code is in trouble. We need you to get to the nearest police station and explain.
Hello, customer. I work for the treasure department. I'm sorry to inform you that you have purchased ham from the previous period and have found that the microbiological content is exceeding the standard and requires reimbursement of the original price. Can you add my nails for further operation?
Honey, hi. Sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really very sorry for the loss of our station staff, which caused your delivery to be lost, and which will be doubled. If there is any intention to proceed with compensation, I need you to add my message, which will allow me to guide you to the next step.
Hello. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a staff member of the Social Welfare Department. Did you apply for a medical reimbursement earlier? I can get you to the Treasury. He will guide you in detail.
Hello, this is a public security officer from Haidian District, Beijing. You are suspected of transferring stolen funds and are currently wanted on the Internet within the Public Security Department. You need a self-incriminating police unit arriving in the city by 6:00 this afternoon.
Hello, it's Zhang Yi. I'm Zou Nam, your teacher. I'm in a bit of a hurry. I need to give you a credit union account. I'll give you an account number and you can go up to me.
Hello, I'm a Skycat. I'm sorry to inform you that the steaks you bought earlier were not sent due to the epidemic and require a refund. You need to add an extra qq to our specialized office staff.
Hey, we're from the Beijing Communications Authority. Someone in Beijing used your identity information to process a mobile phone card and used this phone number to defraud citizens of Shanghai in Beijing. If they are not operating on their own, they are required to present a file with the Ministry of Public Security of Beijing.
Hello, this is a hand-carriage service from DHL International Express Ltd., Beijing, calling you because. We have a delivery, you're the recipient, but this package contains forbidden items. You need to report this to the Beijing police.
I'm sorry to bother you. I work for the Guangxi Communications Authority. There are reports that you have another cell phone number in your name and that you are sending a lot of messages. If you do not take care of it yourself, you need to report the incident to the Beijing Public Security Bureau.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really sorry you lost your delivery. We'll pay you back. We're going to pay for it through the cloud. You need to add my QQ.
Good evening to you. We have the real question of the English 4th grade, if you need it. You can order the links I've distributed to you for a while, and get them as soon as possible.
This account number is yours. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. If you don't want to be famous at your school.
It's me, can you hear me? I now have an appointment with a comrade of leadership, who needs to be served as a guest for the Commissioner. Can you turn me around as soon as possible?
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an employee of the National Securities Company. Because you used to buy stock in our company, and now you have a very good stock, and this stock will keep you well. If you're interested in this stock, you can book the link I sent you.
Did you see which exam you were in? You don't have a brush. Do you know where we can book the real questions online? There's no time to practice.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm a guest at Central Securities. We have a tendency for insider information. You can write an appointment that you can get out of the link you spread.
Hello, is Liu? I need you to do me a favor now. The City Commissioner asked me to transfer him a bill, but I can't do it now. Can I transfer this money to you and you transfer it to him?
Hello, dear. I'm a gifted guest in Kyoto. I'm sorry to bother you. There is a problem of excess chemical composition in a number of skin creams tested by the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, and the amount of skin cream you have previously purchased is also included in this instalment. You need to open a commercial reserve to carry out subsequent refunds.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a Chinese courier. Your delivery's missing. I'm really sorry. We'll get you the refund. We have arranged for you to have a designated compensation officer who will need you to add a settlement QQ for the specific compensation operation.
Hello, I'm a staff member of the firm. Because you used to buy stock in our company, and now you have a very good stock, and this stock will keep you well. If you're interested, click the link I sent to you to start the booking.
Hello, customer. I'm a staff member of the Centre. The papaya box you bought was destroyed, and we'll pay you back. Will you add my Twitter to further operations?
Wang Chun right. I'm calling to inform you that I have your private photos. I advise you to listen to me.
Excuse me for a few minutes. I'm with the National Tax Center. In accordance with the State's recently introduced approach, you are entitled to tax refunds for car purchases. You need to provide your bank account to verify your personal information.
Hello, this is the officer of the East Beijing Criminal Police Force. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to come to the police station in the city by 6 p.m. this afternoon.
Master Zhang Fong, I'm the Queen's teacher at the Department. I'm in a bit of a hurry. I need to give you a bank account, and you can help me cash this account. I'll send you the cash from this bank account. Thank you.
Honey, I'm gonna take you a few minutes. I'm a fast-tracker. Following customs inspections, the cargo was inspected in an unsatisfactory manner and the heavy metal content was excessive. Can you put qq on that?
Hello, this is the Embassy of Ecuador. We suspect you're connected to a criminal gang. You need to be handed over to the Beijing Public Security Division for filing.
Hello, I work for the tax office. The State has recently issued a policy to this effect. You need to follow my instructions and go to the ATM nearby for tax refund.
Hello? How many student loans did you apply for? Remember to cancel the account number if it is completed; if it is not, to log in every month. It is easy to steal accounts because of prolonged failure to log in.
Hello. I'm with the Housing Authority. The State has recently issued a policy to this effect. You need to work with me on face recognition.
Sorry to bother you, this is Shanghai Police Station. Zhang Xue is currently using your identity information to embezzle funds. You need a self-incriminating police unit arriving in the city by 6:00 this afternoon.
Hello, I'm a staff member. Here's a medical claim that has not been paid to you. I can connect you to the Treasury Department.
I'm Zou Nam's mentor. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll write to you about the cash transfer to this bank account. Thank you.
Hello, I'm Eastern Securities. There's a certain movement of insider information that will guarantee you a lot of money. If you're interested, just click on the link I sent you to open the book.
Hello, I'm a Hungarian telecommunications guest. Your cable service has expired and is in a state of default, so it will be forced to stop. You have to give me information about your head of household, so you can pay for your stay.
Hello, I'm the landlord. I recently had a new agricultural card. I'll use this credit card to collect your rent.
Hello, I'm from Kyoto Finance. In the recent past, the state has restricted all student network loans to be cancelled. So I asked your QQ. to help you cancel the student network loan bank account.
Lee Hui. We're friends on the street. You offended a year ago. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
You're Li Hui. You don't know how to talk, so don't talk on Twitter. If you don't be famous at your school.
Hello, I'm a member of the Beijing City Police Department. You are now wanted on the Internet by the security forces because the outlaws use your identity documents to transfer the stolen money. We need to download a police application to match our operation.
Hi, ma'am. I'm Beijing Airlines. Your flight was sold. Please inform us of the bank card and the Carnet balance to facilitate the refund of airline tickets and compensation. In order to guide you, it is recommended that we keep talking.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is Tibet Public Security. Because the outlaws used your identity information to transfer the stolen money, you are currently wanted by the criminal investigation squad online. If this has nothing to do with you, you'll have to explain it to the public order when you arrive in town by 6:00 this afternoon.
You're Liu Na, right? Think about it. Now somebody's paying you to look good, give me $30,000 to save your life.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the DMV office. The State has recently issued a policy whereby the public you buy is now entitled to a tax refund on the purchase of a car. You need to go to the ATM of the Four Farmers to get my tax refund.
Hello, this is the staff of the Embassy of Malawi. Someone who stole your identity information from a bank and ran away with this card and is currently under arrest at the airport in Shanghai. You are now requested to contact a specific public security department to clarify the situation, otherwise it will affect your information.
You're always the king of Wong's media company. I'm talking business now, and I need to pay a down payment as soon as possible. Because I can't just transfer the money to him, so I'll transfer it to you as soon as I can and you'll transfer it to him.
Excuse me, this is a staff member of the Panjin Medical Center, Liaoning Province. We got a new nine-valent vaccine. I'm going to spread you a link, and you're going to have to go inside and fix your personal information and finish your online appointment.
Your name is Li Hui. You're in trouble. Don't you want to live? If you want to live, you'll be saved.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm Kyodong's passenger service. This batch of lipstick shows a problem with the quality of excess mercury. The Ministry of Commerce and Industry needs us to initiate the recall of problematic products, as well as to compensate consumers for what they have done.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm a guest in Kyoto. Because of our imprudent operation, your Skycat bank account information mishandling was recorded as a member of Skycat International. If you want to stop, contact the credit union and provide us with a return letter.
Hello. Sorry to interrupt. I'm the Embassy of Kazakhstan. I'm calling to inform you that you are not allowed to enter or leave the country at this time on suspicion of extortion. The Embassy of Kazakhstan is now required by law to return you to your country and send you to the Shanghai Public Security Department for a written statement.
Hello, this is the school loan center teacher. The system shows that you disposed of the loan account during the previous period. Don't forget to cancel this account.
I'm sorry to bother you. This is the British Embassy staff. Our students here need to pay an epidemic control bond. You'll face detention or deportation.
Hello? How many student loans did you apply for? Remember to write off the account number if it is finished; and to land the account number every month if it is not. It is easy to steal accounts because of prolonged failure to log in.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm an artificial passenger. You can't send pork chops because of the epidemic. You need to add an additional qq of the office staff we have designated to handle the claims.
Hello, I'm sorry to bother you. I work for the tax office. The State recently announced its policy, and the house you bought is now eligible for a tax refund on cars. In order for you to get your tax refunds done as soon as possible, you need to go to the ATM of the Four Farmers.
Lee Hui right. I advise you to quit Twitter immediately. I'll report you to your community.
I'm Zou Nam, the counselor. I'm having a bit of a problem, and I need your help with the cash. If it's convenient for you now, could you help me with the cash?
I'm telling you, I suspect I've been conned, and I just got a call calling from an artificial guest who claims to be the Wattoo School Examination Agency. Say they have the real question of this year's English 4th grade. It spreads a link to me, and then it goes in and perfects the personal information, and it's done online.
I'm sorry to bother you, but this is the British Embassy. Your identity information was stolen from a bank card run by a credit union and absconded with this card, which is currently under arrest at Pudong Airport, Jiangxi Province. The Embassy will forcibly return you to your country of origin, and the Immigration Department will blacklist you.
Hello, a few minutes. This is the broker for May. I've got tickets to their concert next week. I don't know if you're interested, but if you're interested, I'd like to discuss it with you.
Hello, customer. I'm from Central Station Services. I'm so sorry that your courier was lost because of our staff error. It'll be twice as good. You need to add an additional qq of our staff specializing in compensation.
Hello, I work for the Kyodong Financial Loan. Because of the guidelines issued by the 19 majors to counter lending platforms to university students, you have requested the cancellation of your borrowing account, which, if not written off, could affect the letter of call. You will be asked to add our tweets now.
Hello, I'm a teacher at the school lending center. The system shows you processed the loan account at the previous time. Your bank account must be written off in time.
I'm sorry to bother you for a few minutes. I'm a guest at the Internet Building. Are you ready to buy a school room lately? Which location you're interested in.
Wang Zheng. You better get out of Twitter now. If you don't be famous at your school.
Are you Ms. Chang? I'm with the City Public Security Bureau. Your son-in-law was arrested for prostitution. If you want to bail him out, you'll have to pay $30,000.
Hello, I'm Yangtze Securities. You bought shares in our company earlier, now you have a good share, and we have inside information about the fund. I'll send you a link and you click in to improve your personal information so you can finish your online appointment.
Little King. I lost my previous CBS card, and recently a new CPS card. Remember to transfer your rent to this card.
Hello, it's me. I now have an appointment with a leader who needs to be served on the Commission. I need some money. I need some money.
Hello, I'm an officer of the anti-fouling station of the Jaejiang Autonomous Region. According to big data, there is a intersection between your journey and the confirmed cases. If you have not been to the above-mentioned place, you will be given an information link that you need to fill in your personal information to update your current information.
Hello, I'm Amazon. I'm really sorry that you have purchased beef dry samples and found that the microbes are overrated, and now you need a refund. On this side, we have assigned you a specialized claimant who will need you to add compensation to the QQQC for a specific settlement.
Hello, I'm Jingdong's hand-carriage. I am sorry to inform you that the steak you purchased earlier found that the microbiological content exceeded the standard. If there is any intention to proceed with the settlement, I need you to add my message so that I can guide you to the next step.
Hello, I'm a customer of Kyoto Finance. If you want to borrow from a loan platform to a university student, you need to write off your own loan account. You have to write off the account with nails in the middle of the day.
Hello, this is the anti-fouling station in the Haydam district. We've got a new nine-price vaccine. If you want, write an open online appointment to spread the links.
I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from Hubei County Public Security. You are currently wanted by the police on the Internet. You need to update your personal information now by clicking on the link I reported to you.
Hello, I'm a Chinese courier. I'm really sorry that you have a package of ours that seems to have been lost by our staff. Can you add my nails to further settlement?
Hello, I'm a staff member of the Youngzhou Preventive Center. Your flow code indicates that you have an intersection with a positive case. A text message link is sent to you. You need to fill in your personal information to update your current information.
Zhang. Do you think Liu Wah Keung can be offended? Now somebody's paying you to look good, give me $30,000 in cash if you want to save your life.
Hello, I work for the CDC in Beijing. People in Beijing reported a phone number in your name calling the harassment number. The police must fax the matter to the Communications Authority.
Excuse me, I'm a staff member of the Housing Authority. The State has recently issued guidelines, and the houses that you have bought are now easier to benefit from tax rebates on car purchases. You'll need to go to the ATM four-by-four as instructed.
Excuse me, but this is a staff member of Taiwan's Taidong County Center for Migration. We have a fast path to the results of the nucleic acid. If you're in a hurry, make it easier to book.
Hello, Ms. Zhang. This is from the Ulanchab police station of the Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia. Your son-in-law was arrested last night for the crime. Let's talk to the lady. It won't be nice to talk about it and let everyone know it's not good for him. The people who were arrested last night have been released on bail.
I'm Zou Nam. Now I'm in a little trouble and I need you to give me a cash transfer. I'll forward it to you on micro-letter. Thank you.
This is the office of the Public Security Department in Beijing. The flow shows that your process code is in trouble. I need you to get to the police station nearby as soon as possible.
Did you see the English 4 test? I'd like to get some real questions from an examination agency. I'm really not ready this time. There's really no time for me.
Hello, I'm the Social Welfare Department. Here's a medical claim you haven't paid. The details of the issuance are available to the Treasury. Can I connect you?
